---
layout: single
title: A Scroll
date: 2019-11-20 17:51:17.928854247 +0000
permalink: /scroll/
---

> ...written on a scroll found on the street... <!--more-->

the brain on and off mostly off mostly on willy-nilly you like it I like it all
the time never once more the same yes the same again somewhat unclear why now
why now again unknown possibly unknown with one surprise today on the menu
shades of Cromwell yes more shaky theories shades mayhap spicy enough brutal
enough to redampen as it were or similar yes the old flame smoke rekindle
reemblaze the old mire all the wet stuff no more no less than the the dry there
is a sense in which this is getting harder slower harder there's been so much
repeating oh yes so much so much so much so one starts wondering if ONE given
current subtotals and moving averages it even makes sense to chug or might it
not be more appropriate to halt one is then led to things like to hurl or to
hang TWO in one's slow surge towards habit one might not have started
forgetting how dire this on this page this stubborn page floor of one's cell
cobbles of one's street on this page one is so desperate to relinquish so eager
to incarnate for leaving aside the sheer pain of the latter one thing is to
repeat the other to do so unbeknownst most certainly one has conceded there is
no honour in either THREE on the contrary quite the contrary one has
experienced this slowdown shutdown disheartenment disembowelment for want of
more efficient more resolute oblivion devices yes let one's research scientists
develop those in the labs the bunkers the war rooms of one's skull gut and all
appendages in the deep grottos yes deepest of the deep of one's mind yes shrewd
reader that forensic-industrial picture you got all right harder you say
somewhat harder than ever you say perhaps to bring this fake trinity to a close
or to know whether one ever should indeed there is no consensus it is time on
this prickly topic for less if that is possible for even less of that marmalade
than around Ye Olde Ironsides and probably less of nostalgia too yes Inarguably
Rough Shortener of Monarchs yum together with the Proud Pope Loather bonus
points it is no big surprise he was bloody at times and no question one is not
the first to liken him to Robespierre Stalin take e.g. the long haul forays by
Pr. Dr. Pincus no doubt one shan't be the last but uninteresting uninteresting
away with the British babble instead back to my failure yes my failure rather
the only thing these days it seems yes the one and only thing nah haha I was
thinking I ought to gather things gather a few things just to try it why not
think of it as habit building cf. above you know group pack a few of those from
my mind from past and past as they say even if small impossible real friendly
things like a kerfuffle around late-night beigels or a poor young man
infiltrating a middle-class party hereby incarnating before one's eyes what had
been written about sex race and class decades earlier or simply not to diverge
too much from the silly and the serious at hand the big fresco encompassing it
all the exile the stuffy the wealthy corridors of old universities the bricky
the grimy violence of old cities and all details appertaining to the
meanderings and tribulations of one individual alongside fellow just-as-one
individuals as well as several companies troops sleuths shrewdnesses
unkindnesses thereof or yet stranger and more useless ideas in the mind in the
arse here and there about the individual the collective the singular the
general or even let one be bold the one and the many ah the steady flow the
constant churn running through tumbling down the same old story production if
only vast secretion if only purulent leading to a sense in which this does not
stop a sense in which this has gone too far why too far how too far ah all
these others within without constantly replying contradicting not gone far
enough they bellow or quite frankly in their humble opinion even less far less
than that and as their dentures clatter here one is waiting doing nothing stuck
enswamped persisting in one's non-state like any old body frustrated
indifferent elated all too rarely any all or none of the above whichever one it
is it's been made sure that one has been measuring absurdities in as many
coffee cups China pretty please no recyclables allowed here Hell's Farts you
did not you did not write that not in my name not while I'm undead no you did
not where was one ah leading to a sense in which this is too easy all too easy
the sad wearying tide-like madness noon after noon eve after eve morose
mictions dull flatulences nevertheless evoking the first mists of time in other
words nothing precisely there could should be a verb yes to nothe or similar
e.g. she nothed off into the dusk wouldn't that be no no only fetid manneristic
downright bloody Pre-Raphaelite oh yes I sense from the sickness in my mouth
the filth in my throat that it is true I should nonetheless continue no matter
what truly popular motto these days trickling down from Beckett to business one
should indeed continue as a matter of principle spirit of maxim mind of axiom
or as a rule of thumb law of toe *n'en déplaise à sa majesté le soi* THAT has
proved beneficial to most this doctrine aka haha the Wise Arcanes of the Forth
With It one wishes these sassy excursuses were more than repellent nonsense
stuffy clatter of teeth one wishes one were faster slower one wishes one could
at last write about beigels and ensuing whackings and smackings more
specifically how one after having begged for a bite and been offered a torus
entire after having tried unsuccessfully to return said torus and
unsuccessfully tried again and tried one concedes again against a surprisingly
energetic rebuttal by the generous as drunk as one giver how one drunk as one
was kept on pressing and searching for a blink of inattention as well as a
crack in a pocket where the bitten torus could stealthily be restituted despite
all ancestral customs or injunctions of reason bearing on gifts gratitude and
the foundations of friendship how after that the aggregated actions and
reactions led to the involvement of a boot and a leg in the form of one jolly
kick which in the blitz of the moment was by one's hazardous hand caught and
too high too long held to prevent the abrupt fall on the coccyx a painful one
indeed on the naked cobble all the above inexorably leading to the mentioned
resolution known to you hidden children of dawns as the primeval equalizing
slap honourably requested as compensation honourably accepted perhaps one
perhaps a pair records are faulty on the matter administered as is only
possible after the fall and difficult yet swift recovery and enshrined in
memory by a still quite drunk flame-cheeked excited pondering zigzagging walk
back down the lane all that one wishes one could write about as well as about
parties and the social order and in we dive down we roll the dimly lit
corridors of night the lane the lane again the very same second or first floor
steam on the old windows the party rages on then out of nowhere as always
happens a pure picture a plain configuration this young man perhaps selling
drugs perhaps not yearning to belong craving to get laid spotted here around
hovering having fun knowing we knew fighting struggling gaining time before the
inevitable exit talking to me talking to girls talking to me about girls for me
flatmates only have I turned one of *them* the blasé lame ones who live with
the hotties sometimes fucks them sometimes marries them but forever lack the
knack the fire the darkness of the frustrated possibly poor loner the man ready
to go out there prince of transgression the man who has crossed the rivers of
evil old old theories I pinch my nose and keep babbling him telling me how sexy
they are tries to make friends the girls telling me to kick him out scared
excited asking who is he what is he doing here is he selling drugs all the
well-known songs I not listening thinking only of the old theories the years
trying to get laid my privileges his French accent his Northern-African traits
the situation so clear him poor alone soon back on the street perhaps dealing
perhaps partying me my questions my privilege pressed by flatmates and myself
to pass sentence no to implement swiftly firmly and peacefully the will of the
house soon I do fare thee well Sheik from Paris now perhaps still infiltrating
in London we chatted briefly your name in me still has the echo of Empires oh
yes there is a wish there yes to write about that yes the but no surprise
nothing such seems to want to happen ask one not why impudent fool oh yes ask
one not why this and not that alas none of this is ever known ah the tone again
damn damn for some reason it is night it is winter a snowless but dark oh yes
so dark so grim even the old the frostiest discontents are long gone and now
indeed just the night the night harbinger of nothings one has been neck deep in
this all too aware of this for a while yes one can say one has stepped out of
the house visited cafes parks supermarkets one has returned gone out again
tasted drunkenness all too little sexual frustrations all too often one has
known some of this yet the true cause of it all ah true causes and the answer
to their nagging questions no that is for sure on that front one hasn't found
even the shadow of the trace of a clue for short no matter I am happy to hear
them howl once again as per usual I am used to almost fond of that pack of
howlers in the poets' corner they refresh me my self and arse yes they do
sometimes no matter what one says when the plowing is dreary which it as you
know often is they always surprise me manage to surprise my by their howls
always so clearly sudden even at their most expected but also and it is telling
by their equally abrupt silences oh yes obscure silences cutting through one
like as many imperial lightsabers cornered cornered all the gobbledigook must
stop cornered for me is the only thing oh yes yes sadly as sure as lull is
snooze here now in the brain that's it cornered and muted perfect transition
they howling I muted pristine one cannot put it any other way despite will and
despair indeed muted muzzled it is yes they have had enough yes all of them
enough of my petty annoyances my barking my spurring my spouting they have had
enough at the very least yes for years I littered them with this crap years and
years to put it mildly to put it bluntly some say it was the cause of their
furious sounds in the first place plausible if I don't buy it and now even
realising that it was myself I was littering myself myself *heautoncoproumenos*
the unbearable repetitive little nothing even realising that I cannot simply
cannot make the littering stop steepest irony of all naturally as is clear by
now the littering and the silence the SILENCE the isolated desolate bit of
soundlessness are connected yes almost friends close akin one and the same some
monists even dare to posit one thing for sure my two ugly masters ah the dirty
bastards none are more loathful one thinks in an outburst even as one recalls
the others the already mentioned others who argue that surely there are many
more yes deep within or out there at large who cares and on they dispute that
such a precise sense of thralldom can not be achieved by those mere two albeit
superobjectal masters and for sure some exclaim that this cannot be hence the
original blurt the two masters were only the prelude to a fuller rounder
picture where the more terrifying pyramid of domination is finally revealed
involving the intuited two dancing frolicking triumphant atop the stately heap
of the scintillating flurry of masters that's it that's it more than I can
count think feel none of those faculties faring too well at the moment as is
well known yet perhaps enough to reach a glimpse a glance of the amplitude of
this multitude uh oh beware stupid poetry here and there lurking around every
corner crouching in every pit ready to rear its ugly rump I know that's how
they'll have me yes as previously noted I won't have it as they'll have me in
the end in the beginning in the middle at all times that's how they pluck and
quarter me hang and boil me how they laugh burp and vomit watching me being
fleeced yes watching me watching that's how they wield their masterracial fancy
their genocidal urge and when the wreaking hour strikes upon the boring curve
of my skull let fall the obtundity of their mace ah lovely heavy maces so
neglected these days it is a relief even if a truly painful one to see these
ponderous toys once again in fashion yes that gives one hope yes one might
expect the old siege monsters to be reassembled any day soon hell yes and the
tar yes and the feathers oh yes what can I say I cannot wait all too long has
it been quiet and doomed now now now for want of better prospects at least
bones shall splinter and veins shall sputter now in earnest perhaps one might
wonder again into the shadier bower of origins causes and explanations ah yes
fair enough yes the all too usual pause to which however one must retort fool
fool interrogate not whence all this turmoil sprang but more simply more dimly
where it is headed yes fool for your own foolish sake keep to the latter
goodness gracious who could have known I would live long enough to see such a
rebuke the finger to onsets bollocks to geneses fuck dawns among the many
screams heard very disquieting indeed so much so that one could then start
hearing again the old changeling tunes namely namely if once perhaps after it
all something like another ear another tongue might be found might emerge we
all know the song yes yes the chandeliers and high windows of rambunctious
futures oh yes these upstarts they are everywhere they stifle everything it is
nauseating I wish the questions could end I wish other wishes would come yes
for a change for a change something to pull me yes for once for once instead of
this this the constant push the meagre shove useless attempts ineffectual
shunting repellent copies of some grand old thrust copies of copies copies to
the nth power where did all that even come from one nevertheless asks unable of
the required restraint as one said all that would be well forgotten the grace
of void the relief of absence that would be good I truly do not make sense at
all do I yes no not any more it can be frustrating others will come are coming
have come who are the replacement the growth the diversity all garnished
furnished geared and glittery with force they are overshadowing they will
unknot this gordian mess my arse they will holler and their blades will twist
and twirl as if bitten by Möbius and unorientable ever since a real consolation
no doubt thinking about it it is truly remarkable to see the decline and
sadness and downfalls etc through this particular lens namely the seemingly
irresistible rise of misery doubt and conversely the shades of consolation and
their bitter images slowly not so slowly seemingly irretrievably grind my being
from skin to marrow from eye to anus in the tiniest thought there is the bitter
taste in the sunniest day the stench of rotten selves weakness triumphant and
for once barly any sign of language misuse how can that lame old corpse be
experiencing any ANY form of victory that remains a mystery I hate it why my
words slip and flex bendable and subdued like their utterer I hate 'em all do
you hear me one day maybe haha the poor wishes one day perhaps the gusts of
hatred and despair will whip the streets and all that pus out there on
pavements and walls will dry up and at last dead turn who knows into some
decorative polish oh yes a lovely protective coat for all future oblivious
generations a fine start indeed and if you ask me don't don't DON'T a vanishing
pursuit altogether but of course shut up now and yes come back come back to now
to the now and only hell yes that feverish and lame blunt and shattered now
impopulated and austere despite all attempts to conjure up colourful characters
puppets of Life Idea and Death like Cromwell the pious fart or light-hearted
æsthetico-political scenes between two Irishmen and one Helvete sailors of the
Whitechapel Triangle staging the half-munching followed by the staunchly
refused offered return of the nocturnal beigel oh all the beautiful beautiful
adventures that we have that we record that we virtualise together and in this
even impoverished state of affairs juggle with for a minute before coming back
to the cleaning-up of typos and an increasingly refined use of built-in
functions also how wealthy and happy can we not say we are can we my dear
Watson indeed indeed marry forsooth by my troth it is all grand and terrible
and slipperier than even they had imagined in their opioidest dreams when they
set to face-fuck me with their Magna Carta unquestionably
this could be Noh and if it is it is undoubtedly as pleasant as exotic toxic
quixotic as it gets madness nowness at last let hinges be unned and get time
high on joint that could be the meadows of torture destruction and chaos that I
waited for all these years the hell you'd rather rule the dry scorched land
your toil all your toil all yours and your great-grand-producers and their
grand-products you included have died to extract everything from ah relief
brevity Faustian stultification what else is there not here at hand for more
building and unravelling and coalescing I see it all whirling around not really
you know don't get too excited just here just here on that wall of fortuitous
fragility many a graphic graffiti of the sultry All There Is landlords and
authorities oblivious of the awe of such ontological caricature in alarm over
the refraction of the conflagration of a dislocation of such kaleidoscopic
magnitude but surely that cannot be it and must must be either the start the
incipient step or one stage in some larger ritual and let it be known only one
minor infringement on reason discipline and overall mental order we will have
many occasions to discuss and debate the moral and otherwise economic
implications of such tremors futile though they may be although quick wink into
the future futile might be the gutter leading all too slipperily into futile
before ending as is *de rigueur* all the way down to base and brutal fucking
drizzledom ah wet and murky drizzledom coalscapes with no end London New York
1900 Beijing 2000 smoky ones there's nothing quite like you in this world
perhaps the few places where the venerable principles of shite to shite gutter
to gutter are still upheld where was I ah yes the mental order Putney
Saint-Honoré Gettysburgh Shaanxi and the like poor melting-pot chop chop back
to your textbook psychic law mental order breaking down building up all these
moments everywhere one would almost catch a glimpse of Dante's whizzing thrones
were one not absorbed in more pressing concerns the persistent resistance
against nausea the irrepressible temptation of diarrhœa and the like not to
omit the Putin-style repression of constipation haha *comme vous y allez*
casually peppering it with French by Jove Friedrich would be proud and in the
meantime as evoked above guts keep getting cluttered bloods keep running thin
as for neurons these lawless orderly ones keep keep what was it ah yes hooking
up and breaking up meanwhile Twin Towers USSRs Belt and Roads Notre Dames Hong
Kongs and all the written rewritten force-fed and puked again crypto-Constitutions loop once more aboard
the Time-raping Mandala
