---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: "Lacanage"
date: 2021-09-06 15:43:49.434726143 +0200
permalink: /lacanage/
unlisted: true
pitch:
- "Neural texts (with oneself & Jacques Lacan)"
---

> Texts produced from materials obtained using Transformer [OpenAI's GPT-2](https://openai.com/blog/better-language-models/) language models trained on works by French psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan and my own texts. This is work is one half of a collaboration with Alan Cunningham, who entitled his mixture (his own texts and the same corpus by Lacan) 'A Lacking Text'. We are very grateful for the support of the [Art's Council of Northern Ireland](http://www.artscouncil-ni.org/) in 2020.

right. I have reached failure. this vague form of having 'reached'. 'neared'.
meaning, a shape of 'the realest work' (or 'being one') here. (which in turns
means, of course, that now this state of 'reaching' is 'shut' until this point
where I climb. where I 'ascend'. and BAM!, here we go, a solution: 'easy',
'impossible', hence 'big' (or 'BIG'), altogether, 'it' being nothing 'other'
than the 'true path'. oh yeah. the true path. always the fucking path. never
the 'change' path, one ought to note. hence. instead of a 'transition' (which
could be something along the lines of 'from less than ok to no less than
perfect', the paragon of 'self'-investment, etc.), I now have literally no
reason to do this. no reason within 'reason'. haha. naturally. or, say, the no
'idea'. naturally it feels. it. haha. connected to it all. yeah. linked to
doing. which also means. not to 'blur', yeah, naturally. but to close in on the
'self'. haha. to the point where doing this, in this way, is 'forbidden'. for
you, that is. 'forbidden' for you. as in. you know. the 'nothing', you know, in
store for you. the nothing that you get. to do. the nothing that is left. of
course. blah. and since you don't. haha. work. that is. since you're not. you
know. since you don't. ah. finish now. that's the thing. the hopeless thing.
the most unacceptable fucking. saddest. finish. thing. then. then. ah.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

It could have been during one of my mechanical stepwise progressions down the
stairs that the crux started to appear a little more worrying than usual. This
was in all likelihood happening for the first time, yet had the distinct air of
once more events. Or so I thought. For an instant I seemed to have felt happy,
as if worrying could be power. Could it be power? I wondered. That is, might,
brute and blind, I wondered forth, the dangerous thing. So dangerous, that some
go as far as describing it as the thing that makes one stop thinking. Or the
thing that makes one wake up to the stench of 'No wonder!', crying 'Fool!'
before immediately falling back into the ungrateful void. Nay, the thing that
would prevent even that, no thinking being possible in here, erasing perhaps
even the possibility of waking, equanimously doing away with the fumes of
consciousness and the milk of bad dreams. For short, the very thing anyone
sensible would not fail to worry about. Yes, worrying thoughts all in all, I
could not agree more, I swiftly resolved myself to think, before unilaterally
shutting down all reasoning. Reaching the bottom of the stairs, I looked for
the entrance door. It did not seem to be there. That left me more than
perplexed. How could it not be there? I thought I knew I was not insane but
some of the questions popping to my head, while eliciting a fair amount of
casual, stolid hatred among the guttier angels of my nature, did not inspire
confidence. (Now an appropriate Canto quote: "Cut the cackle and do not believe
'em".) This reeked of a black swan, I could detect that even without lifting a
single cognitive finger. How could a bare, unconfirmed once more even come
close to this once upon a hell of a long time? And of all times, how come now?
Thought-hares could have been started running. It could have gone down a
totemic path: an agony verging on raccoonness. In plain words, the
uncontrollable gnawing of a mythologically dexterous, facial-masked, and
ringed-tailed *hate*, against the universe, against the self, the universe
containing the self, the self mirroring the universe. (A not unusual scenario
given the particulars of 'mein gänzliches Ich', my whole self, as my inner
German Idealist calls it.) But fortunately the most forthright of my automated
reflexes promptly suggested an outward thrust – ejection, ejaculation,
discharge, regurgitation, eructation, flatulence – of the unwanted state,
which, for self-explanatory, that is, definitional reasons, was deemed to be
the very thing, the sought-after thing, the solution. Get *it* out while, at
the same time, get *oneself* out of this (I dare say mess). For indeed in the
case of hate occurring more hate can and does ensue, more often than not, with
rather unwelcome consequences for oneself and others. Hence the necessity, in
the event of the resurgence of ex-abominations, of the rapid implementation of
self-driven measures of excommunication. (*C'est le cas de le dire.*)

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**(Hackneyed story, image I)**


(empty) brain.  
(causeless) mind.  

(curt) brain.  
(theoretical) mind.  

(artless) brain.  
(clusterless) mind.  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

The fact is, unlike previous bunches of magistrates (petty private lozengiers,
lily-livered illiberals, less and less viable legitimists, or world summit
warlocks), our present government in keeping has for some time been in
possession of one stipulatory *thing*, whereby the superbold, especially those
still in thrall to the Mysteries That Sum It All, must admit to be repeatedly
fucked until becoming as juxtaposed as the Americas, as impossibly total as
Eurasia, two necessary preconditions for remaining as incomprehensible as
'it-speak' – the macaronic muteness of what is generally understood to be the
civil service of the North Indies –, which, for quite some time, although
inexplicably, (is the pretence of being a great place no more than the decent
resolve to treat one's space as oneself?, and were that to be established, why
even mention it?, except if it is only a question of getting us to talk about
that in a politico or socialite sphere, leading to the predictable hurl of
anathemas?, and all that despite the fact that the more salutary end to the
question 'How to come to terms with' should not be, '*Hugh Capet*, *Charles de
Gaulle* or *Ronald Reagan*', but, '*Chrétien de Troyes*, *Pierre Guyotat* and
*Jean-Michel Basquiat*'), which, as was being said, has been uttered, and,
unquestionably, will go on being 'unspoken' – remember, 'it-speak' is muteness
itself –, while war remains one of the weapons of choice of this and other
groups. I suppose it was this *thing* – without a doubt a crown jewel of our
prime-constitutional, semi-symmetrical countries' mathematics, politics, arts
(beyond the simple display of weapons), love practices (a litigious question
that I could ask you to keep civil even if it *sometimes* happens that way *sui
generis*), as well as extant principles (to refer to the exudations of those
who are sat around the outer fire at the misty forefront of world literature:
barons, indeed, of the one robber profession) – that would put even the
bestwilling of us on track for centuries of bickering and betrayals, with
entities from all over seeking compensation to boot.

(This explanation is aggregated and distilled from letters sent to us by de
Clérambault, after the former's self-inflicted month of respectively detailed
and rending, tedious and humorous, debate and correspondence with Fliess – a
two-volume set entitled *The Developments of the Art of the Psy Thing: An
Analytic Study of First-Object Retaliation in the Writings of St. Paul*,
(abridged), Saint-Étienne, July 1927.)

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**On Structural Imperversions**


All of them at once  
Narratologically sutured  
Unto my Sire's  
Undesires  


*(Never Act Unless Your Act May Be Programmed)*

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

at least for as long as. if only until. yeah. maybe forever. that is until.
but. but maybe at least it wouldn't be too bad if. yeah. if it. no. it wasn't
so bad. or. no. weren't it so bad it wouldn't be. yeah. hm. maybe. worth the
trouble.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

(Mainland Chinese exchange students playing fake Consolatio Philosophiae exam
games on mobile-friendly double decker trams in Hong Kong.)(Freudian hookers
graffing *BADIOU IS A PENISNEID WHORE* on Rue d'Ulm walls.)(Virtual reality
aerobic people tending to do rather badly with STEM girls getting addicted to
reading and study in general while still harbouring their old soft spot for
algorithmic theory and reinforcement learning...)

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

The meta-circle, aka need made mine (ipseity no less than coal). We shall put
forthwith one more line regarding it just so that it may carry on existing,
even if, getting down to the nitty-gritty of it, the circle cannot of course be
conclusively destroyed. So far!, the opposition vehemently hollers. They may
have a point, some are on the brink of thinking. In fact, but this they all
ignore, the only second nature lethal (apex) enough (statistically at least)
for the job is the one manufactured for destroying self-destruction, namely in
the Sovereign Chambers of Myself. Little thought is spent exploring this
thrilling hypothesis, much to the despondency of most, as it is to be realized,
or perhaps rather derealized, in due course. Instead, after a quick kerfuffle,
the discussion resumes. Without much ado, or much discussing for that matter,
it is swiftly concluded that it is inner fascism that prevents outer fascism
from being terminated (classical innerism in action). Or the other way around,
the opposition bellows once more. Bloody outerists. Political discussions can
be forthright, not unlike death.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

For a few decades I was led astray by one naked quantity – reward points for 'stronger' literature (my top hat – I respect but never wear the bowler variety –, for one, would have had none of it).

To my surprise, I never got stranger (in a good way, read: a stagnating psoas reformed, rabid trapeziuses disentangled, etc.) than when I started being *faked* by trolls.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**(Tools of Power I)**


- insanity-grade resolve.
- (fancy old horror futures shadow market manipulation proficiency)
- warlike vapour capture facility.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

One of the most striking features in aesthetic fathers (a paradoxical one
indeed) is their failure truly to listen to you in your own little burrow. (Or
was that in my head? The quoters, the friends, the YouTube comment filterers
and voice mechanics, all just as cruel and annoying as ever?) Most supreme
leaders come to you: they on the other hand remain crouched in the absolute
plane of canonical snow. How do they *do* that? How!? And, perhaps more
importantly, can it be made to go the opposite way? (For too long I languished,
fucked, deaf, because someone, PAH!, because some Theatre of the Other was
watching over all things of my mind!) How about: just get technical, while
harnessing colourless ideas of quantity and speed?

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

work & method  
dream: fingers on crack.  
(wall of algorithms)
  
work & structure  
dream: boreal/tropical steelforest.  
(swamps of exile)
  
work & desire  
dream: slagdom unbound.  
(pits of gaze)
  
work & stricture  
dream: hollow/hallowed hardship.  
(swamps of yore)
  
work & knots  
dream: guts.  
(wall of mire)  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Structural slit:

Structural purloined bar:

Structural depression:

Structural chocolate:

Structural crevice:

Structural letter:

Structural pain:


*(Disposable Ladder of Logical Wisdom)*

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Doubt tumbled. Still does. Feeling it tumbling down right now. And like every
time feeling that. Maybe. Something then being said, along the lines of: once
again?, as said?, as repeated? Sometimes until a point of of saturation. Things
having been noticed at last. Examples. Every little timeliness of debasement;
the practical, if declining, weakness of neutrality; the tepid tugging; the
swampy in-between; the descent into, yes, that's it, the right there. Somewhere
down the drain, what now?, an amplitude?, a frequency? The one feeble, the
other ample, for good measure? Or rather. A black hole? A brane? Too far, yet
again too far. All of this as a result of an excessive extolling of the digging
more deeply into things. As deep as resources allow. Something hasn't been
right. Nothing in the brain would have been able to produce such thoughts. Feet
instead, perhaps. Perhaps. A few feet and a path, assuming that, as a test,
working hypothesis, for now, until further notice. That and some grand old
hole, Ockham be damned. Trodden hard, as hard as the breath when gas is scarce.
Known only too well. As if through the door and along the whole plane of knots
a treading towards this bare layer, towards the real. (I, entirely aggressive,
and grittier than ever before, have thus dug myself a few good kilometres of
tunnels.) (Who was it already who said you ought to consider an analysis?) (Can
any such thing even be done at such depth?) (You would have been tempted to say
it doesn't even come close but for the stupid 'it says so (BAM!)' (you
complain, yet at every turn the 'it says so (BAM!)' proved the best possible
experience/thought/word/etc., way ahead of the less assertive 'it mumbles so
(Huh!?)' or the quizzical 'might it not have snapped so? (What now?)').) (You
know you're onto something (quickly boring back to the subject of getting to
the right there) when it slaps back like a partner. The one you respect, the
one you project onto, the one whose energy seems to scream, Mine, Yes, Truly
mine, Never to be returned, Never to be lost and regained, Enthralled for
real.)(Then you know you're at least about right.)

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**(Hackneyed story, image II)**


work note to self.

- (lattice game)
- (ultracool machine)
- (base sex)
- (abomination job)
- (self-destructive elation)
- (human/inhuman lusciousnesses)

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Question of craft, or, as soon as I say work, question of self-organization
(say that as it is, or, at least, according to what the voice dictates,
flirting if need be with the acceptable margins of lucidity), lest it be the
reverse, answers through other-organization (whatever that means, but boiling
down to the usual question): what am I. *what is it*, doing?

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Interesting, however outrageous, that a famous writer can still come close to being perceived as a 'hunk', most likely due to, rather than despite of, a fondness for inaccurate Old English and prison jokes.

Interesting also that in the context of a medium-sized cooperative such as the European Union one can still allow oneself to dream of becoming as relevant as the grand-oldest of superstars (see above).

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**Object A**


What is it in the unsaid that prevents me from undertaking the kind of analysis I need to come back to?

Instead, my apologies, everything is done in the name of putrefaction, light-heartedness,

and enthusiasmopolitanism. The Object A ("big A") that comes into my head, with its eternal polymorphism,

is able to affirm its individuality in what provokes anxiety in me. To those

who may recognize the Gods of the Pantheon of Psychoanalysis in Professor Doktor von Pelzheim's

excellent collection *Novellen aus der Jugend eines torlosen Prinzlings* (Berlin: Müllsack und Krampus, 1961, tr. Henri Lefebvre, Paris: Jetable, 1966),

the question of the end of analysis as the final diagonalization of the '/-matrix' ("forward-slash-matrix") in the analytic experience suggests

something at once more complex and simple – namely, how can the 'better' realize 'itself' as better ? *Apocalypse, a User's Manual*.

I have made it clear and from here on it can only disclose itself.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

untransferred  
unproductive  
uncastrated  
unextimate  
unethical  
undriven  
untrue  
man  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

At long last something that is that might as well not have been. Rather than
the expected 'what might have been but never was'. Or, even more dully, the
'what if attempted might have been proved infeasible'. All of it because of a
certain being stuck while considering getting started, despite persistent calls
to drop dead, calmly but firmly, allowing for the optional shriek, 'No
matter!', provided that it be as feeble a whimper as possible. Now, it may be
tempting straightforwardly to prophesy that, this having come to be, it will
never go away, or worse, as soon as it may have gone it would come back,
reappear, as it were, its head as ugly as it is reared. Delightful thought,
this vain musing about that which will never go away, and which perforce is
likely to remain here, of all places, albeit out of the focus of some eye or
other, if any is glaring, or to recede, or surge back, or even reemerge before
diving again, this time hopefully forever. A slightly more difficult thought
presents itself as it slowly comes to mind that some dare lump this sort of
gobbledygook together with the likes of the reconquest of being, the ever
personal happenstance of mishaps, the mysterious ways of others, the sly
totality, of which, for lack of this, for want of that, I remain as unaware as
I am of the proof-of-stakeout of the Real, followed by the thought that it
would definitely not be *me*, bundling shit up like that, in ugly sheaves,
really not my style, that I would never do such a thing, even in my worst fits
of manic peppering of everything with predictable heaps of unrelated nonsense.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Still, the bit that broke did so because of the STEM thing. Back in the days,
the days of writing this, as a human, that is, I stepped into this liking of
'clicks', of 'Big Os', of 'synthetic dreams', of the 'open source', or of
'dataset preparation'. Would it not be for that reason that a reason not to
break, not to break 'it', if or no if, was so difficult to find? But may have
been nonetheless. It could almost have felt impromptu. Why did it not? Don't
ask.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**fortuna**

down this  
hill  

up that  
hull  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

is in now going to turn into something very different? from this meta-scene of
mine, in my case? or will it be, on the contrary, and even if surreptitiously
so, similar? it may all boil down to action, taken, not taken, attempted,
unconceived, imagined, ill-begotten, that is, thought, tomato tomato, same
adjectives apply, I suppose it may, and to what this does and doesn't mean. the
quest to solve problems, all my problems, all their problems. yeah. some real
work there. some real practice. little unemployment. haha. yeah. however, 'if'
some real work here, 'then', let's be honest, 'real' honest, that's for the
worse. oh yeah. why? fucking fucking worse. always. but why? fucking worse
worse. okay.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

(indefinite) lack of direction (bad) in the  
bastion of the (wavering) rule of  
waveriness  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**The Schema-monster**


It's the dream state when you're in the hot seat and you can spell out all the
reasons why. And if you're in the hot seat, let me tell you, you really *want*
to record those bloody reasons, oh yes, you want to write them all down, not
only that, but you also want to get in a few bucks for your bang, hell yes, the
curse of any self-respecting hot-seater – in fact, some go as far as arguing,
this is the only way you stay afloat, seated or not, spouting there and then
truths and/or the rest on tired paper skeuomorphs for months on end. The period
2012-17 was that, by and large. As horrorful as what future people will come to
think. Remain in. Drop out. Remain in. They think they hate the tug of war.
But, deep down, they know they love it. Soon after that, I die, and then, only
then, others at last come to buy, and:
- At first, they take many a picture of what is, unbeknownst to them, the very
  same problem. They try many different filters. Each time, they hope to find
  it, they fail. They repeat the process, they fail. Can they ever exorcise the
  devil of their inferiority?, know in their fingers the dactylographic order of
  the schema-monster? Nope. Darn. 'Export thyself to JSON!', 'Subscribe to
  natural.ly!', the crowds yell impatiently as the same others keep taking more
  pictures. Here you go. Their demise couldn't be any clearer.
- After a while, they finish their business. In their profile-saturated brain
  it is as if it almost seemed to have worked. But I will emphasize just how
  irreconcilable the gap remains between their imaginary concept of
  '(national/cultural) import/export' and my idea of a 'nondeterministically
  invented dimension of reality', and how it all boils down to this one irate
  thing. The schema-monster? Yup. Deranged, precise. That's it.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

This here. Always thought about, like the soon, as yet to no avail. Passive.
Obsessive. Often weirdly to the point. Cassandra would be proud. Ugly, muddied,
retreating into loathèd sameness. One thought still carrying it, or so it
appears? No will, no hope, just this one thought hammering like the blacksmith
that it is. Still considered a far too optimistic scenario. At times, screams.
"Swallow me, sluggish void, I hate it all too much!" At others, disavowals,
delivered with various degrees of solemnity. "Haha, man, where's my shit today?
Definitely lost it." Returns to screams do occur. "What? No dissimilation,
ever? Well, then, fuck you! Here, I said it. Sorry, not sorry." Occasionally,
ineluctable conclusions. "Same as yesterday. Or the day before. As ever."
Sameness, *quand tu nous tiens*! No firmer grip. Strongest of holds. Same
obsession as above, same absence of avail. Despite distractions, which, make no
mistake, abound. Take, for instance, the time-based approach to the plague of
sameness, which goes like this. Asking the question: "What is the worst thing
of all: the now, or the not yet? Ten more milliseconds? Or instead one more
millennium? (As a manner of speaking: one more ideal length of time.)", and if
inclined to lend an ear to the Grreat Beyond, one is submerged by
millenarist-sounding answers such as: "The despaired, the despicable, the
rejected, the relicted, NO, the relinquished, the reified, the relieved, will
come back roaring, rectal, repotted, NO, replicated, rictus-riddled, dawdling,
doofy, their fingers fishing for Platonic narratives ideas in literary
magazines girls quit reading in favour of Aristotle ('marble six-packed
headless busts hung on campus corridor walls, are you kidding me?!, it's the
ultimate philosexual combo!, I'm not giving an opportunity like that away!').",
answers which are not everyone's cup of tea, to say the least. But, as
expected, there is little rest in store for the wicked, and even the bold who
turn a blind ear to the previous pigswill may be faced with other forms of
popular outpouring, some inspired, for example, by survivalist-ringing hogwash:
"Do you want to stay here, brow-deep in the quagmire? Rot for the rest of it? I
did not think so. Hence, your reaction should be, 'Nope, do not count on it.',
instead of this renewed silence. I know what you are thinking. Temptations to
hide far away behind this wall run high. But do not be fooled, this does *not*
work. Walls are as porous as your asshole. Do as I say, and you may just have a
chance. First, do not move. Ever. Otherwise. Otherwise what? Have you never
heard of the leap? The leap? Affirmative. AKA the jump, in straight edge
circles. Right. The big jump, I heard some call it once. I didn't ask for
details. They say it's going to be all right, but it's all bollocks, don't
listen to it. It only keeps the dream running, makes you soft, dampens your
fear. They will come for you, and by then, if you are not prepared, you won't
stand a chance. Remember, your fear is strong, your ass, porous or not, will
need it." On and on it goes. Buggery. Ultimately, assessing the situation
through the lens of detrimental health conjunctural risk factors (DHCRFs),
batshit experts may be led to determine that it would seem best not to not
work. And by that it is surmised they mean: don't just work, *work work*!
Pseudo-philosophically put: at last, work; at best, be. Simple enough.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

better remain this sterile slug forever than to get downgraded any lower

better yet, be a billion time as screwed, as (un)spouting as the vast jellyfish of the deep rather than etc. etc.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

No doubt the sky is a shield (even to one who opposes it), but celestial
inclination is the enemy. And it is here and it is now. With us. The enemy. It
is working. Oh yes. Day and night. Towards its ethereal goal. Oh yes. Nothing
shall be anything but. Clouds and breezes. The high stuff. Towards this and
nothing else it is working. Working hard. Harder than you. Oh yes.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

the gnosis in the enormous cauldron of anti-French Europe is getting assertive


{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Aware of the fog in Venice. An odd state to be in when writing. I should add
that this word, 'aware', despite being a fair description of what is going on,
is not a word I usually like to use. I do feel that way every now and then, but
by no means often, and I should say it is rarely pleasant. This Venetian
awareness business was certainly not part of the initial plan, but so little of
it has been spared the drain... So little remains, in fact, of the original
blueprints, that there isn't much for any want or will to build on. I spend a
significant amount of time wondering how it is that I don't 'want' to do
anything. Were this all really about Venice I could wander along canals
pondering this. Anyway, I didn't give a very clear reason for this, let us say,
waning, and that is probably because I don't have one. This bit of unclarity
may have been as much of a reason as I was able to provide in the current
circumstances.

The absence of reasons has been repeated, like so many stories of old, repeated
ad nauseam. I am still retching. The boring grey prose, littered with the same
long examples of itself. This unshakeable aftertaste of lanky heirs roaming
Gothic mansions corridors and conveniently silenced (deceased hence
phantomatic) maidens. The silliness and the pallor. The dash of morbid drama.
All in a strong neutral tone full of 'if only's and 'until death's.

Idea for the present. The want, the unwill, stressed as obstinately as possible,
relentlessly highlighted, until its presence is not a threat any longer. Until it
is the brush, the surface, the sweeper and the swept.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Somewhere in the grey groove.  
Between peak and vale.  
An inn with a spa. Somewhere  
a ridge or two away. Amid  
hail and war. A camp.  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

The sky is orange and all I can think of is my little servitude. Yes, I said
servitude. Of the will, of the rest. Servitude, pet name for my tyrant. A
curiously, almost charmingly circular notion. That I think of it as *my* tyrant
is of no relevance. The true master always ends as the crumbs of its servants.
This one, mine or not, fan of French toast or not, will know this fate also.
From this Friedrichian peak I behold the long-term situation, whence none of
this matters. (Nothing comes of it.) Something comes, which so far has only
been the Negative (silence, or a reduction, for various obscure reasons, to
this: a mere, an arbitrary, absence of absence).

A pause.

A longer pause would have been preferred, but could not be granted: the fingers
need to be at it again, and kept on to it, at all times. Which begs the
question, do I have to have them at it every second if I want to be free? What
sort of freedom is that? It would be nice if I could stop for a while. Maybe
that would save my skin. A fool's hope, naturally, in the shape of one of the
numerous, intense reminders of what I cannot do without them as I toil to make
it all higher, knowing how crucial 'higher' is, at once wishing it not to be
so, reviling the ancient torture of having to go for it, energetically,
strenuously, but without forcing, without holding on to it, whatever *it* is.
(*I felt like a mariner the other night. On the cusp of a broader, more
decisive outlook. All mists ahead, ready for the fathomable threat of waves.*)
Maybe instead of saving my skin I could come up with thoughts on my still all
too succinct inquiry into the nature of the Game. Under Game, read: the
industrialisation of desire; sexual strategies of self-alienation; the lurid
lures of pervasive lust; ruthless thrusts for progress; orgiastic urge meet
archaic abuse. Countless sadistic joys and woes weaving a brand new Bayeux
Tapestry of fanaticism. Or you could just save your skin. (*If done in style,
it might just get to that point where all question-begging would become, there
is no other word, stupid. Something close to what the mariner had known when in
the throes of the writing of her novel, which was, incidentally, the point at
which the latter became, it sounds as stupid as it is, a* work. *More
precisely: the point at which it might cease to* become *at all. At long last.
Something, when transposed to the realm of the individual, akin to the
dissolution of all fiction, and conversely the utter completion of the self.*)
The point of departure for this fingers/freedom dialectic was, and remains, the
desire to do this and that, however ineffectually, so long as some doing or
other is under way. And the other even more more immediate desire to flee. It
was not always the case but of late I am all about the outside, the wild trail,
the quiver of horizons. Anything but this, the cell, the castle, the swamp.
(*She somehow successfully turned this illumination into something, valiantly
stepping back into the yesterday-smelling scurrilousness of writing. She had
wanted to see what it was that was truly fucked. She went for it. She
discovered the most probable, cruel and fucked-up brawn in which the Turtle of
the World is likely to have been cooked up. Still. She held fast, she ploughed
through.*) Why are they all still here? Maybe it is I who is too querulous to
do something about it? Or is it because I cannot prevent myself from *knowing*
that anything could in fact be 'finished', perfected in the telling, in the
writing, in the imagining, while never really getting the knack of the how? If
I'm writing for anything, it must be for this kind of possibility. And yet one
can't fail to notice that there is nothing. Just the bed, the cage, the cell,
the swamp again. Despite the work, despite the tedious entreaties and the
competitive soul sales, nothing more. All this leading nowhere, that is here,
and what matters still ever so very far. Very possibly also me forgetting my
life, but that is a detail. Not running any more. Not reading Hegel. A quick
*Great Logic* fix would do me good. Please discuss, as for me I am not sure. Or
I am just too ambitious, that is, too imprisoned. This cage, that wall, and, in
lieu of the head, the thought machine perched on my throat like houses atop
medieval bridges or alien spaceships above cities, all willed, all fuelled by
the inexorable pull of the ego. However, I take pride in being able to state
that I strive to stay clear of such murk and instead, in the glimmer of hope
that remains, which is inarguably the spitting negative image of the present
gloaming, I witness and relish the twilight of the "in the eventuality of the
failure to attain lunacy, please try writing the same thing over and over
again" rhetoric. I too will stop. Impossible to think that this could be *too*
nice. An excess beyond conceivability.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

lain doubt  
as power  

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

How easy they are, those moments (when somehow readable unavoidably misreadable
but most importantly if completely unreadable perhaps at least proofreadable)
when I think, "When thinking about you, what am I thinking?, what am I doing?,
thinking about doing you?, doing you while thinking?, or thinking about doing
somebody else?, just doing people, anonymously?, I should add that I ask you
this, doubt not my word, from a place of hatred, and ask of course for no hate
in return, oh yes, go on, ask the genius for more, oh yes, rub that lamp, now,
more, the people want prophecies!" But they are short. Then the voice comes
back. Seek, Reek. Remember. The two important things. Those two, they seem to
me to be the core, if nothing else. One, there is no way. Two, the way, were
there to be one, is (SUPREME GOOD FOR THE DEMENTED!) walking. However, walking
is of lesser importance than (BEING QUA SHOWER!) running water, despite the
fact that it is the very air, (FATHERMONGERING WAR OF ALL THINGS!) the world,
the (MATHETIC NOUS SIVE NATURA!) quantitative we live in, taken as a whole.
Things get a little more complicated if I have none of this air (I could be
legless, and crawl on the ground as I do in my dreams), or if the world won't
have me (after giving the finger to wars and mongers alike, could even a
half-decent fuck-futurist expect anything less?), leading, in either case, to
admittedly weird outbursts of impossibility, that are as pesky as they are
elusive (unfortunately empirical evidence points to various, incompatible, and,
you could say, almost sadly, independently distributed paths to impossibility,
even if now the only credible answer to where mine lies is 'nowhere', or,
perhaps (in so far as from the furthermost possibility the Ixionic rot may
metastasize all the way to utmost quality), 'in the mud'). Anyway, I can't say
much more at this stage (it feels like any inkling to the contrary can only
ever be a superficial, deceptive notion, and even acknowledging its existence
will get me misled, or trampled on, and that will be, to put it curtly, the end
of me) except that I really can't find it, the problem, or the improbable root
of the problem, either, really, or rather both of them, together, bunched, the
snug little fucks, two for the price of one. And while I lie embattled with
this, or these, the numbers keep shifting – not unlike the shimmering scales of
the dragon in the old ditch, with the hilt and blade (similarly at times one,
or the other, with a selfish preference for two in one), of some heavy-armed
psycho's sword busy ripping tummies ("Not an unvaliant chap altogether but,
thankfully, chargrilled on the spot by my death burp...") – while, I was
saying, I lay about struggling, helpless and lethal, puzzled by the return of
the repressed in the guise of psychotic number theory, you, supposedly, *you*,
bask in the enactment of the interchangeability between the calculating fingers
of one and the wandering feet of the other. You dirty little specular image,
you obviously can, and off you go, to this page!, and the next!, and that's
it!, you hop!, effortless and frivolous!, knowing no trouble!, no sweat nor
tears!, through the vales and under the hills you rump down the trickling
cascades. And no wonder!, that I should be damned to find *you* here again,
frolicking at my heels, sinthome!, agalma!, matheme!, for that place is very,
very well and truly unbounded, yes, and far, that place where I am attempting
to go, that I am attempting to climb, where you claim to vow to follow me, as I
am toiling to 'reach' the peak within, the K2 in my gut. It is a place of might
and decay, as one would expect, high and low, dispensing the shivers and the
frights, your kind of dive. Very private also, you would not like that bit. I
call it the forge. The forge?! Why such vague, old idea?! The bloody *forge*?!
You disappoint me. Also, something is wrong with the the vain clamour of
archaism. Problematic. Wannabe prophetic. It couldn't be less you. But apart
from that, sure, I like it, I won't lie. Coherent with the medieval bullshit.
After all, it is true that people have forgotten the old love for iron. Now I
disagree with myself. Again. After all, were it even possible for me to live
here or there, to fashion the truth of starts, to pass as someone real, to work
together with myself, to do something actual, to come up with friends, then it
might come to pass that I would be who I have become. (I don't want this life,
that's a start. I cannot see any variant of myself fit for the life I know even
after training. Some have tried that very last option, it proved all too
dangerous.) A life like in the Ironbound when the Yank world was young...
Something important. As important as tankers and gas. I'm really not getting
the good stuff out with this novel. How to go from here to here, art of the
detour. How to rebuild, to think and, hopesomely rebuilt, to know change, when
it barges in, on tiptoe. Once done, and when bored again, as it may occur, as
has to others, if the chronicles are true, you may be wise to make a movement
out of this. You are not wise. Ptyxism. Not a bad name. Nice to have one. What
would be its tenets? Unsure. Let me think. No. Name first, think later. For
now. At best, it could be a beginning. At worst, a way in which every possible
form could be stimulated, leading to wracking destruction (among every possible
gesture, every possible thought, in the growing midden, it is this bare, simple
one with no goal, the least remarkable of them all, which turns out to be the
the perfect wake-up call for Devil's kraken). Consider the destruction!
Imagine! The constant unthought, the repetitive endlessness, guillotined!,
gulagged!, turned into black pudding and fed to the pigs! Sure, sure. Beautiful
words, but to what effect? Always down here. Below ground, as it were. Better
breakfasts, depending on taste, for many. Stuck with this humming. Hum away.
Hum on. Deep in the grey blurting. Empty images. Known disgusts. A dork in the
dark, with no hope of being. No future anywhere. Nor any tense, really, for
that matter. Don't make me laugh. COMMENT AWAY SO LONG AS YOU DON'T LIKE. I was
saying that you can make me laugh. Except this is not hardcore, and not even
when said with the haha haha haha haha haha of Rrrepetition. Funny, although
inconsequential. Let me tell you something. If in the end you do hear me?, hear
me scream?, madly?, yes?, with all the failure, the nearsightedness, the
irrationality I am capable of?, well, if you do, then yes, perhaps the madness
of doubt, the farce of despair might come at last within your reach!

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**whitherward words**


vague echoes of sleight-of-hand dialogue writing from an obsessively abiographical diary


*(The Curse From Every Possible Angle)*

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

Abstraction. Soft, dusty spot. If only it could be conjugated with the present... Would have to seem absolutely necessary. Not just seem. Be. Goes without saying. Does it ever

feel like that? Sometimes. Not always. In the meantime. At LEAST make do. No need to get upset. We all know there is little room for manoeuvre. At MOST. Yes. The symptom could tentatively be smoked out with banal shibboleths: "I

want to find a solution to my problems." That sort of thing. "I will not renounce any given work." "I will do real work." That usually ends up being the oil thrown on the fire of the

absence of emulation I always swore my entire being *wants* to find." Evil abstraction. ♥. I did renounce anything definite, any concrete trajectory, but

I may now have realized at last that this, 'this', abstract or self-absorbed, whichever it was, was not sufficient. In fact, my thought and writing, ultimately not much more than the psychosis of

WILL-TO-FAME and LIFE-THRU-OTHERNESS, at any one time, during the entire span of its inexistence, has been focussed on this 'this', in some way or other, and this without actual analysis, without

writing, without any other step, back, forth, internal, external, in any direction. Abstraction was hence the omnipotent (as it were, for it's really been sterile as hell) 'ruler', and howsoever it should improve, or remain unconjugated, it will only become so or so thanks to something it other than itself. Let us say no more.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

**(Tools of Power II)**


- an air of fanaticism.
- (an unfettered access to open-outcry fear derivatives trading rings)
- a workable policy pipeline for waste.

{% include separators.html type='outer' %}

The intimate interaction with the object is essential for us operating in it.

That this intimate interaction goes beyond any working relationship can be seen
in this simple account of one's sex in the experiential theory of the mastery
of the master, where we leave our bare linguistic, material and spiritual day
behind to chase a more vivid and confidential metaphor, that of a little black
needle, and its movement either to, or from, language – a weapon so thin and a
discourse so fragile we are bound to track only its shadow: tiny sharp clues of
cum, sweat or blood leading us on the trail of the tip of the spear of desire.

This, however, is not object of our current analysis. Contrary to common
perception – and I will not even mention now the evil slander mounted against
our School – we have only been using taut language to teach our subjects, and
nothing more. Indeed, one can literally only describe the ideas that we
encounter and the concepts that we make, as it is known to us that from life to
metaphysics there is but a single zone, this one field that, if treated as one
piece of study, no other branch of science would have any strength to examine.
Over this area of the world the Wing of Dialectic (considered the Domination of
any subjective movement) hurriedly hovers, until reaching so complete a state
of integration with said domain, so complex an entanglement, so thoroughly
unfolded a sublation, that we witness the mutation of Being itself into a
function of the world altogether. Nothing in this final landscape excludes the
travelling Concept in its feathered form from the boundary of any doctrine, and
that is the freedom which should, under circumstances deemed normal by the end
of the Cure, apply to the Discourse of the Subject under the aspect of its
relations to the world.

Thus, nothing that the subject experiences, in the subjunctive mapping of the
positive and negative values of its mood to the spectrum of the domain of
fraught relationships, can be an object of analysis, understood in the original
sense of the chopping down of things into things, the familiar Aristotelian
slaughter. For this peculiarly conflictual zone, or domain of antagonism, as it
is often described, is not a whole made of parts, but something other, a
dynamic and intrinsically disjunctive realm in which our perceiver questions
and resolves the world, the realm where neither its objectness nor its
subjectivity, understood in vulgar psychoanalytic terms, may be born. Indeed, I
said other, as this realm is not *our* realm, but truly its own, the realm of
its transgression, of its vision, of its dissociation, of its naiveté, in fact
of its very failure to see any other realm, – most notably of course ours –,
but ultimately also the realm of its possible exit from the trap of its
solipsism: where it may find, lying around, lurking about, idiosyncratic,
nontotal and diffragmentary solutions to its own problem. This other realm,
then, is the realm that we, analysts, introduce ourselves into, by means of the
language of the subject, in order for us to see through the other domain – the
zone in which the subject codifies its being, from which it fortifies the
immanent architecture of its self.

As a fleeting nota bene, remember that despite the importance of the latter, it
is entirely and forever the subject, and not the *other domain* itself, that
remains a mere construct and representation of the other. This is what needs to
be examined at present. This examination leads us directly, as already hinted
at, to the emergence, during the process of the subject's construction of its
realm, of the mechanism of defence. The defence presented by the subject is
most apparent, and therefore easiest to detect, in the way in which, in the
dual act of creation and exploration of its parallel zone, it renders its
discoveries inobjective and asubjective, bringing about their transfiguration
into functions of its own heuristic monologuing. These functions must be
conceived as taking place, as any of my so-called students know, within the
bounds of the Discourse of the Subject, which has often been interpreted simply
as an expression of the subject's exclusive attention to what cannot be seen.
Beware of that grave mistake! There is no such thing as attention, nor
expression, let alone any 'simply' of any kind worth mentioning, in our present
enquiry.

No, what the experience of analysis teaches us is that, as the subject comes
close to appearing, in the moment suturing the revelation of its structural
prohibition to the manifestation of its individuality under the cleaving bar of
the Other, it necessarily also signals to both us and it – the prohibition
structure – that its – the structure's – having been conditioned by itself –
the subject – can only result in a run in all perpetuity along the Borromean
stairway of its heavenly goals, and this even as the reconstitution produced
during the analytic process spans the entire domain between what is at hand
here and now in the locus amoenus of the session, and the crystallization of
what is called the 'normal revelation' of the object, opening that slim but
enlightened window allowing us to conduct ourselves so as to be the first to
unfold the truth of the subject's objectal distraction, be it through the
reenactment of the punishment that it devotes itself to in lieu of self, the
surrection of the description of what it fails to realize in its other zone, or
even the utterance by the subject of its own Name of the Father as the one true
entity that does not know who it is.

As the subject stutters along in the meanders of the Cure, it appears to
formulate its own responses as one who knows the steps lying ahead, only in a
different, shuffled order – an aleatoric succession of virtual events which,
from its point of view, it initially does not understand, sometimes even
without even an inkling of what is at stake, but, insofar as it grows more and
more concerned with what it cannot know, it may gradually take intimate
possession of, materializing in the slow depersonalization of its own discourse
– that half-thinking which it knows not how to grasp but only how to verbalize
– its resolve to structure its object within the very fabric of the zone of its
mental form.

What are you trying today, then, you might ask? Let us make things even more
unmistakably clear.

Once fully absorbed into the inebriating maelstrom of structural resolution,
the subject is grounded at the outset in a zonal network, the soil of which
exposes it to the experience of this sociogeological auto-migration of the
layers of its Discourse of the Subject. In this point of departure, as in
others, it is likely that the geometry of the subject's matters' downward and
upward flows will undergo further transfigurations, to a degree remaining often
undecidable due to the decrepitude of so many analysts' mental network; but
even in such cases, and despite having the most reasonable grounds for
suspecting that we will encounter disaster at the first sliver of departure
from either manual or doctrine, flow upheavals appear to be much more stable
than what I have been able to describe already in my seminar on the subject
last year.

At this juncture, as is already apparent, one can expect to find that the
subject is overcome by the possibility of bringing the sediments making up the
fragile mud of its subjectal object to adhere to the nascent topology itself –
by the sheer fact that it is subject to its own unconscious, in other words
that it is a human in full underground possession and under the full tectonic
aggression of beliefs, and thus fully subjected to the oppression of stratified
movement – which is made less possible if one only only believes that one is
supposed to be lying about the image of mothers being the ossified ghosts of
brothers. Beyond the revolting nature of this suggestion, one must not forget
that the penile anatomical structure of the maternal intercourse has been
proved irreducible to any form of brotherhood, this is now commonplace, by the
ontology of our psychoanalytic system.

Surely you do not ignore that it is premature of you to hope that anyone
finding out about this could be sympathetic to any of your concerns. That you
seek to do so in any manner is almost inexcusable, so much so that I am
determined to be given the license to take the matter into the School's hand, a
capital move that I am sufficiently prepared for without it threatening to be
able to lay any claim to that space which is still for me the ideal of my own
interests and of yours. You have been warned.

To conclude, the appropriate conceptualization of this alluvial sequence within
the subject, at least so far as you deem me able to see anything in this murky
business, can only be effectively accomplished if	in a manner that I may have
described in terms recalling my worst episodes of overindulgence basking in the
fiery oil fields of psychoanalysis: namely that this is a sequence that takes
as long a time to unfold as even the hastiest of terraformings, is replete with
eruptions as volcanic, with rings of fire as pacific, and deserts as spread as
any psychotic eagle, neurotic albatross or pervert salamander might wish for –
a thought that is, as you can imagine, as satisfying to me as any can hope to
be, notwithstanding any counterexample I may have observed to date through the
action of allegedly sturdier or speeder subjects' intersubjections.

What is this obstacle, then, that is both entirely obvious and yet so deadly
effective in thwarting any effort to relate our endeavours to Freud and
psychology in any simple way? That very Freudian thought which is the prime
source of the dialectical idea that I am holding myself entirely in the favour
of, and which constitutes the inverse of the paradox that my career has led me
to experience? Finally, what does this mean for the community of our students?

What Freud taught us is that the intimate interaction of the core categories of
the subject with regard to its own subterranean unconscious is sufficiently
situated to warrant having the depth to contract a decisive relationship to, or
nurture a lengthy interest in, such complex serenades as the form of reality,
the endian type of truth, the impermanence of teleology, meticulously
differentiating from these the strata of individuation, the impossibility of
stratospheric belief, things thus grounded in the realm of psychical reason,
the essence of which is precisely the form engendered by this object pitted
against the limits of Freudian anthropomorphism. I am therefore interested to
make this object that is there what it actually is, no more, no less. For this
destructive impulse is not intrinsically noteworthy, nor is it a scientific
feature of the original desire. It is my most candid feeling that it cannot
form a desire nor take one for another. This experience is, again,
sociogeological, and I believe this statement fundamentally to lie beyond
epistemology, due to its latent determination to find itself a form of fantasy
docked to the Real, more often than not involving a dead animal at its centre,
through the corpse of which the creative pulsion can not only be addressed, for
the object of their desire remains something beyond their professed beliefs as
an entirely *abjective* one (or *antelegible*: from that time of archaic gore
and prelinguistic all-against-all), but also be revealed as having nothing to
do with the subject's individual preoccupation as a blood-thirsty question
mark, nor with what within it draws from the lava of the deep its stalagmitic
essence as a sole condition of its own desire: I – pay heed to the hollow
scream of the subject, for since Hegel it is only I in effect who may embody
the problem of ethics – I make my own Id.

What does this feel like from the perspective of what I do?

And this point, a step-by-step evocation of what we have seen so far, plainly
transposed into the routine of a morning like there are so many, has been
suggested to me by an enlightened colleague. Consider me, therefore, from this
moment on, the subject. What is the zone defining the obsession of my absence
of soul? In other words, what I am doing actively today to maim the body? Every
day counts. Have I been castrated since I woke up this morning? And if not, why
not? Has some Godhead's brooding beard come between my daggered arm and my
filial penis? How does my failure to incarnate urfatherliness make more or less
distant the moment to cut through the loops of my knots? Our intimate
interaction with the topology of myth suggests that this question is not
without its edge, one that the more specific, and perhaps also more
irreverent-minded among us would not fail to answer by another, along the lines
of: what is the penis, if not the ductile edge of the graph of the anus of the
mother?

This would not lead us too far, but astray.

The centre point of the use of Abraham this morning is to be reflected about
under the auspices of another reference, the Delian dagger, pride of our
current League as it was in times of yore, which hovers over the head of our
Multineuronal Alliance as if Damocles himself had been our main subcontractor.
From the look on your terrified faces I deduce that you do not welcome this day
in the life of the subject, mineral though it may be. What might be difficult
to conceptualize for you today, rabid students of the Organic Left that you
are, but, I assure you, that would certainly not have been hard to define as
essential for the Second Coming of the Virtue back then, a rare common ground
of agreement between hoplites and desert-ridden Israelites, is that it is the
locus of the avoidance of sacrifice, and not its dreary, if supposedly modern,
reverse, that is negatively assigned to the formation of the earthquake fault
of the individual. Before you raise your knife and start pelting me with
useless refutations, believe that I speak to you from vantage point of the
latest advances of science, without a hint of archaeological equivocation.
Besides, this is really one of the rare points where Homer and the Psalmist
do agree.

I am pleased to see most of you have scuttling back into the dens of inner
peace, and I applaud this shameless display of self-control. Now. What do we
need to do, on top of what I have striven toward so far today, in order to deal
with the rampant misuse of epic-biblical analogies among anointed members of
the Order of the Symbolic Leap? Trust me, this is not the first time I dive in
hard to establish in front of you a didactic sequence of the lubricatory
signposts of my mastery over rogue literary discourse.

First, note the striking similarities between the first minute of this uncanny
linkage with the hairy divine and the moment of sacrificial montage in which
our characters first meet their indivisible part, on the second page of the
chapter at hand, the Approach Toward The Elevated Crusty Portion, a prime jewel
even in the pearl-littered meadow of this paragon of all pastoral books.

If you remember last month's session, the first page had been instructive for
what it means to be a father in the fist place – following the crafty analyses
of our trusted guide in these matters, the sly yet anonymous academic critic
wreaking havoc in the hallowed walls of this most distinguished institution,
the University of the Arts of Old England's School of Drama, one of the very
few still to teach the most direct ways to play meta tricks on tenured whales!
Following these wily analyses closely had allowed us keep the atmosphere of the
chapter level with the purest psychoanalytic or anagenetic air.

What defines this air?

I have let you set this issue straight, which you will be able to do in our
next interactive-speleological session.

In it, you will be able to come to terms with the fact that the intimate
interaction with the object is a material infrastructure complex that can never
be explained by Reason alone. An elegant more geometrico proof of this can be
found in *The Erotic Woman* (London: Penguin, 1943) by the Dutch-Iranian
psychologist Diane Ghamsari-Eckes. The proof is well worth your time, but keep
in mind that the volume in its entirety may not shine by its infinite
pornographic richness. It is an elaboration that only is sustainable by other
kinds of psychology, and by that I mean by psychologues lying on the cheeky
side of sensory canons.

We have introduced this topic to this assembly through a discriminate use of
the modern dialect of said canons, which means perhaps a little differently
from the most creative ways the English language is already being used in The
Lancet.

The language that we shall see next year, starting today, in your dreams, will
be an effort to craft names for the subject's identity using the mining method
that I mentioned earlier, as well as a phenomenon that I shall begin to speak
about, a sort of desire-based extraction idiom that I created by using Serge
Kegel's style of practice.

In the longer term, I am going to show you how to use the the dialect of
canons, and I want it to be an experience of the extreme, professionally
speaking, in terms of the number of dialects, but also in the catalogue-like
density of the canons themselves.

It will then only be a matter of time before you write on this subject as if
you were yourself one of the three thousand and three canons that I am
referring to, namely, the innumerable metamorphoses of the object of the
subject, determinable despite how multifarious it is found in diverging
contexts, which are, because of their demiurgic relationship to the subject,
the Babel-fuelled languages of the symbolism of need.

And when, that is, if, you get to write on this topic with a bit of respect, it
will be because you will take into account the substantial differences between
the statements that I have made in an attempt to show to you why a certain
subject is found in such and such convolution, while others are found never to
attain knottedness to any noticeable extent. In a way that irreducible
discrepancy is a real hermeneutic danger, which is why I have to warn you again
in no uncertain terms against the specific impact that the subject has on its
metaphors.

What is to be gained with this vigilance of every minute is an active yet, most
importantly, unwitting difference between ourselves and those monsters whose
resource is to to decide which schema to use to understand certain facts, a
plague I referred to earlier in our discussion of the son-culling chapter.

We, on the other hand, can sleep-walk without a worry into the wide lands of
the Cure confident of our greater knowledge about the subject's lithospheric
existence in the quoted dialect, so that we can gradually witness the creation
of that domain with only superficial attention, spotlessly following the
requests of any kind of context.

Finally, in the time I've been here, so long, you may sigh, I can affirm I have
completed the essential sketch of the canons emerging from the latency of this
book, defining the domain, the crust and the zone, with respect to the object,
the subject and the personalization of the structure of its desire.
