---
layout: single
classes: wide
title: "Vegans"
date: 2021-10-27 13:20:34.525753107 +0100
permalink: /vegans/
unlisted: true
pitch:
- "Neural variations from a single prompt"
---
### Aria.

A couple of vegans from Helsinki, Finland, Tuisku and Liekki (fictitious
names), were very happy with their new diet when they turned, as it reflected
their ethical ideals as much as it fostered their gastronomical imagination,
and it seemed to them that this exciting bliss would go on forever. However,
after a while, they confessed to each other bouts of carnivorous urges coming
more and more often to nag them. After many feverish brainstorming sessions,
crises of doubt, and outbursts of hope, they came up with an idea: they would
feed on each other's blood.


### 1.

The idea proved so wonderful that they soon became radicalised. By the end of
the weekend, they had convinced their parents to lend them their first-aid
'Plug and Play' home injection kit. Their parents were not so thrilled, though,
because the two scoundrels did not fail to mention to their astounded genitors
that in acceding to their request they were giving their children the means of
their own bloodshed. Still, taking into account the infinite niceness of the
parents, and the limitless manipulative powers of the children, that was the
easy part.

On 2 January 2002, the young couple left their parents' house in their summer
clothes, found a park, and began preparations for their very first 'meal'.

The next thing Tuisku and Liekki knew, they were running from the police,
screaming that they were innocent, and that they had been set up by carnivores.

Tuisku and Liekki were taken to court, where they were convicted of outdoors
vampirism and mutual blood rape.

After a few decades, what society had considered a terrible crime turned out to
be an systemic mistake: the police, who routinely framed people as vampirical
rapists, apologised publicly and then went out for a drink. The parents didn't
have it so easy. They were taken out of their care home, arrested for having
ratted out their own children, and put down the very evening on the Kauppatori
(market square) in front of a cheering crowd.

The story of Tuisku and Liekki has been made into a thrilling B movie, *Who's
Eating Who? Investigation Of a Sanguine Couple*, which was based on the case.
The movie was released in December 2022, and it is available on DVD and
Blue-ray, or in streaming at:
[http://www.animallica.com/tv-shows/show/who-is-eating-you/](http://www.animallica.com/tv-shows/show/who-is-eating-you/)
(behind a paywall).

Of all of Finland's known sanguinists, since this first grim affair in the
early 2000s, only three of them have been released from prison. They still have
to pay restitution to their parents' toolkit, but thanks to government support
they are able to continue their university education.


### 2.

Not only, they explained in a post, would this help them discover where their
most intimate problems lay, it would also allow them to satisfy the blood guilt
they had both started feeling at the age of three or four, after having
binge-watched documentaries on the involvement of Finland with Nazism and on
the siege of Leningrad. It was a conclusion that came as a surprise to Tuisku,
after a longer and rather painful session – it had been Liekki's turn to play
the role of the analyst that week – and one that, unfortunately, Tuisku is
still not ready to share with the world, as he announced on social media last
week.

For a while all they did was looking up injection methods and recipes. Soon
they knew more about black pudding than even the hungriest of Scots, but
despite their best efforts they couldn't shake off their disgust. A fresh
infusion of blood, squirted far into the mouth cavity, on the other hand, was
enthusiastically embraced by the intrigued Finns – although, being two
snowflakes at heart, they spat most of it out at first. Far from discouraging
them, their initial reluctance spurred their brutality and creativity in equal
measure. Indeed, they quickly realised that the precepts of tolerance and
softness that was the core curriculum of their education were of little use, or
at least proved much less efficient than brute force, when it came to keeping
each other's appetite quenched. In order to make sure that none of their weekly
meal went to waste, one would keep the other down, kneeling on the other's arms
while operating the canister (that was the name they gave the device, half a
funnel and half a vacuum-cleaner, that they engineered together for their
dietary crusade) with their two hands. The main challenge was getting the blood
from the floor back into the rebellious mouth and preventing the famished brat
from skipping one more intake in the spur of the moment, usually by shrieking
uncontrollably and rolling around on the floor until exhaustion.

After a couple of weeks of living and eating together, they were able to relate
to each other, quite a surprise to all those who had known what had been the
baseline of their relationship up to that point. Their conversations often
turned from blandness into verbal punishment and back, and, with the exception
of Liekki, they discovered in the new waveform of their emotional life the
hidden joys of aggressive linguistic practice. However, after a while, putting
up with each other's sickening regurgitation fragrances proved too much for
Liekki, and she soon experienced bouts of constipation. Tuisku became
increasingly agitated, working ever harder on his swallowing, and spending all
his time between meals coaxing or threatening his friends into returning to
veganism.

The arrangement could not have been more unstable, but, thankfully, they
endured it, and the end result was surprising for all the parties involved:
their work productivity improved, as did their relationships with their
neighbours. Pirate recordings of the sounds of their cleaning their kitchen
were leaked on the Internet. They never prayed again.


### 3.

The idea took off from there. By this point, they'd decided to be 'blood
vegans', that is, to undergo this experiment for weeks, until forgoing food
altogether, letting their egos dissolve into a primordial pond of hæmolagniac
delight. The couple that would later be known to have led the Blood Vegan
Transition, Tuisku and Liekki, shared culinary expertise as well as depraved
adventures, including feeding on each other's sexual fluids in police
situations, where each was more eager than the other to confess their
sanguinistic urges in order to confuse the powers that be.

The couple's willingness to transgress ethical boundaries is self-evident in
their artistic work, especially their controversial intervention in the 2025
Venice Biennale, "Bloody Mary", in which an unsuspecting audience of arts
bigwigs was served a variation on the famous cocktail containing 1dl of their
own blood, as they unveiled a thoroughly banal installation they had cobbled
together in two days for their undergraduate degree show thirty years earlier.
The pundits were, as one can expect, gullible and enthusiastic, until a few
hours into the *vernissage* servants in gore-dripping livery started slinking
the room, breaking the news of the composition of the inebriating concoction to
the baffled, and soon nauseous ears of the art world dignitaries.

In their long, thirsty lives, they managed to turn the Vegan League of Finland
into a respectable organization – by no means a small feat – which went on to
metastasise into a election-winning political party soon after their deaths. As
far as the culinary aspects of their legacy go, it seems that the Meat Is Meat,
Slaughter Rights and Predator Health movements will not be leading any
counter-revolutions in Finland in the foreseeable future.

All in all, the overground vegetarian and vegan emancipation movements in the
2020s are one of the most salacious and fascinating chapters of meat-eating
history, as was popularised by Augustinella M. McTully's best-selling novel
*The Guzzling 20s*, available from Random House (USA), or Faber (UK). Of
course, nobody could have made the sanguinists of *The Guzzling* into heroes
and martyrs by simply noting their sensationalism. Whenever reality surpasses
fiction, putting it into words still requires a tremendous amount of effort,
which is well worth it. You have to investigate the agents' real motivations
and thoughts, rummage into their perversions, plug your brain into their
dreams. If you are so inclined, you might consider *Suck Me Dry: An
Introduction to The Four Great Sanguinist Doctrines of the 2000s*, by Suleiman
J. Abdelmikhel, Adalbert Aston, Otto Colomb, Conchobhar Cunningham, Simone von
Ludholt-Bergford, Malachy Amerkey O'Leary, Ludmilla Vladimirskaya Omahonov and
Friedrike Gudrun Wilhelmine Wenghauser as an academic *pièce de résistance*,
and perhaps the best guide to follow their mouth-watering history.


### 4.

The idea was conceived as a way to develop an ethical world view, and to
implement it in daily life. Their project was first to come up with a new diet,
a seemingly simple exercise meant as a step towards an ideal, a practical way
to eat not only for one's health, but also for joy, beauty, and spiritual
well-being. They thought of of blood as the living continuum itself – not just
the organic juice put to such dazzling use in their cookbooks, but also the
potential fuel for a consented, ritualised exchange of life. The discovery of a
trove of excellent studies on blood as an source of profit in Vertically
Integrated Criminal Enterprises was an absolute validation of their beliefs and
a great motivator in their quest. In addition, they also felt that the
human-to-human blood bond, replacing the old animal-to-human flesh bondage,
could serve as an analogy for the link to digital – and cherished – entities
they embedded within their own brains. From that early, feverish period, very
few documents remain. A notable exception is a poem commonly attributed to
Tuisku, a song of darkness, melancholy and love in the context of
hematopositive intimacy:

*Skin, she says, is slippery, abrasive.  
The surface of my urge.  
The substantive yet elusive variety of my temptations.  
The shadow of my wish.*  

*Skin, she says, is like a cigarette  
Bringing us back to ages past  
The torn face of the Marlboro cowboy  
The bruises, the blisters, the smiles  
Of a dead country.*  

*Remember what great aunt once told us  
Before her foretellings grew foggy:*  

*"Onto the skin it shall trickle,  
The smell of my stale stuff,   
Bite into it now,  
Suck, suck, my children,
Before it is too late.  
I know where we all must go,  
Sooner rather than later,  
Our skulls cracked like eggs,  
Our ashes sprinkled on pavements
Like Kellogg's cereals of old."*  

*Remember, when we took her last juices,  
Our word gifts for her departure:*  

*"We are sailors,  
You are our rum,  
You enthral us like  
The wind, and the stars and the endless sea.  
And on your grave they shall shine  
Incarnadine  
The dirty needles of the horizon."*  

*Don't lean so heavy on me.  
Stand still.  
The drip is ready.*  

*When the time is right,  
It'll go in,  
You shan't feel a thing.*  

This new model of eating envisaged itself as a natural evolution from the
methods of traditional food culture: you eat by 'physiological means', in order
to preserve your health and well-being; you eat by 'ideological means', thereby
enacting the self-involution of the superstructure (known as the 'Ouroboros
Free Lunch Theorem'). Blood thus became for the vegan couple the unexpected
ontological foundation for a new vein of relationship to the world. They had
wanted to bring about a new order within their private food culture, and were
almost helpless witnessing how fast and how ineluctably it seemed to lead to a
new world order. What had begun as the quirky new set of table manners of a
happy, tender love nest soon became a weird, raucous, and over-the-top
political gorefest. They were undergoing a new kind of birth-of-a-nation
experience, with themselves acting sometimes as reactionaries, sometimes as
revolutionaries, and most of the time as sheer state power. Their innocent
attempt to find nutritious enjoyment for themselves outside the straight and
narrow path of mindless consumerist evil and exploitation brought into their
lives what in their deep normies' bosom they had silently feared the most: an
increasingly violent and unpleasant grappling with the immortality of their
ideas.

That was already no easy thing to swallow, and it did not stop there. Not only
did the civil disobedience of their lunches, and the constitutional loggerhead
of their dinners become increasingly insurrectional and cartoonish, but the
diet gave the couple access to new levels of self-imagery. Tuisku developed an
almost saint-like aura, having grown a huge bushy beard and wearing almost
exclusively recycled clothes from foreclosed nunneries or POW camps, while
Liekki's physiology was turning into a new kind of androgynous beau ideal
combining the extreme flexibility of Kung Fu fighters, the muscle mass of
Californian governors and the generous layers of fat of sumos. Both
developments proved a boon for the sexual side of their blood-feeding.
Emboldened, they went on to derive much inspiration from ancient body
modification traditions as well as from the latest exhaustivist combinatorics
of the erotic and the ferocious, of the lipidic and the muscular worlds. They
were reaching the full range of their somatosophical and neurospiritual selves.
They felt and they knew that they were the body biopolitic (Proposition XXIII,
Part V).

But the transformation they underwent, combined with the brutal violence they
perpetrated to, and experienced at the hand of, each other, not to mention
their growing loathing of needles and funnels, catheters and drips, repeated
hospitalizations and innumerable pills, caused them to become even more
alienated from one another, as if the ever growing proximity of their
organisms' hæmoglobin had to be mirrored in an ever wider identity chasm. In a
last-ditch attempt to salvage their love they decided to leave everything
behind, to go over the edge and to embrace what future generations would
eventually call the *beaver lifestyle*.

Surprisingly perhaps, they had remained devoted lovers of the animal
connection, and had not given up on their dream to be reunited with their
sentient blood siblings. Liekki and Tuisku agreed that it was time to make a
choice, maybe one final time, and swore to each other that from that moment
onward they would live in the present moment (the entire episode seems almost
unmistakably, and none but fools would not add brilliantly, adapted from a five
words long nanostory by Moona Liisa Säkänden, although specialists agree that
it is highly unlikely that they could have read it).

The couple journeys to the desert region north of the Oulu-Rovaniemi metro
corridor and decides to settle in one of those quaint hunting lodges dug right
under the dunes. The scorching, hyperborean moonlight marks the end of their
long and exhausting journey, and fills them with such joy that no sooner are
they settled than they treat themselves to a well-deserved feast. As they
prepare their transfusion devices, they talk about how it had been beavers who
had first brought them together, as their mothers had met during beaver song
meditation pregnancy sessions. They even talk about the things Liekki used to
like to eat, in her prior life. Tears come to her eyes as she recalls that she
even knew a good recipe of honeyed lobster. Liekki is eager to try and vocalise
them for Tuisku, who loves recipe recitations more than anything – his musical
nature having been acknowledged by everyone he has known ever since his
smartphone recognised in his baby wails the delicate harmonics of the last part
of Helmut Lachenmann's *Serynade* –, and as the melancholy of Liekki's memories
merges with the savouriness of their red waters softly running down their
throats, they give in to the bliss of geometrically deducing – O those hot,
sensuous squirts!, so slow at first!, O how irretrievably they accelerate!, all
the way up to the sudden chills of cold illuminated sweat! – that their meal is
the great *causa sui* for the adulation of which they have been brought into
this world.

In the morning, as they explore the beaver lodge by the pale dawn light, they
find a huge bee hive in the cellar, hæmorrhaging honey all over the floor. They
are shocked by the sudden coldness of the air, so rare this far up North at
this time of the year, and that the bees that are flying around instead of
estivating. Liekki raises the idea of making a beaver spittle and honey soup
with the refuse, which she almost immediately retracts, realizing that she
doesn't know the recipe by heart. Instead, they proceed to use the excess honey
to preserve their bodies, but there is so much at hand that the excess of the
excess is made into a dye and sprinkled onto Tuisku's pilgrimage frock and
Liekki's competition mawashi.

The two lovers are happy to move on to find a new place to live near the
petrified river close to the lodge. At this point, they have grown chronically
impatient: they have reached their goal, they are living the dream, and yet
nothing would make them more happy than to leave behind what they already see,
rightly or wrongly, as 'their old beaver lifestyle', and adopt yet newer
axioms, a system based on badgers, or ladybirds perhaps. But it is too late
now, they silently agree, and they pursue their journey.

They soon reach the banks of the large sand pools, home of the Eurasian beaver.
The scenery is breathtaking: the largest colony in the world, with an estimated
three billion organisms. For a while they stay transfixed and in awe. They know
that those animals were nearly extinct only a few decades before, after the
Great Migrations brought Europeans, Africans and Asians to populate the
boundless steppes of Central and Northern Eurasia. They can recall their
virtual history classes, and especially the smell of Kiev, Nizhny Novgorod,
Ürümqi, or Ulaanbaatar in the years of the Hunger, as human hordes descended on
them and the streets of cities turned into pipelines of red. Their memory
replays the great Inviolable Declaration, bringing an end to the slaughter, and
they can see before their eyes, like those falling from towers see the
accelerated film of their lives, the years of reparation, the endless road of
despair and stagnation, and, at last, the near miraculous revival and rebound,
when, almost two centuries later, the population finally recovered. They see
the old, the renewed, the true migration, every year, to and from the Korean
peninsula. They see the great, joyful havoc they cause in their wake, and they
swoon when come the sounds, the rustle of dust in their fur as they dance with
their partner at the height of the mating season, that can be heard on misty
dawns in the suburbs of Moscow.

Tuisku and Liekki walk some more, and, spotting a suitable creek, dip their
toes into the beaver bath. Excited though they are to enter the fray, they are
soon horrified when the sweet counterpoint of the animal's extended click
techniques slowly evolves into a gigantic primal scream! After that, everything
goes very fast. The beavers get nasty, the bath dream turns into nightmarish
mosh pit, and they are nearly swallowed by the beasties! Just as Liekki and
Tuisku are about to drown into the tide and let out the last howl for their
lives, their domestic helper bot arrives on the scene at last and, barely
musters the strength to pull them out and keep the gnawing monsters in check.

Long do they stay on the shore, motionless, crouched into a ball under a thick
layer of protective honey. Still trusting their force of will, they try to
think themselves into regaining stamina, but Liekki remains stubbornly unable
to walk. She suffers from a poor circulation, struggles for breath, and only
manages to throw one last wail before falling out of the honey bubble onto the
geological floor. Everything is quiet again. After a few days' sleep she
finally feels safe enough to accept a bite of a dried black pudding cookie from
blood Tuisku took great pains to extract from his loins, but as she eats it,
she suddenly cries out in pain, gets up on her feet, and immediately collapses
again onto the ground. The two lovers are unable to do anything, and for what
to them feels like months they watch in silence as the beaver queen, head of
the hive, imperturbably lays her eggs in the distance. Liekki and Tuisku are
now both unable to move as a result of their strong fear of evil alpha females.
A few week later, at Tuisku's urgent request, Liekki finally takes a piece of
their last loaf of beaver hair bread in her trembling hand and breaks it with
her teeth. She is overwhelmed with guilt but also with relish. Some years
later, when Tuisku finally manages to speak about food again, they realise
there is nothing left to eat except for the bile of their empty stomachs. She
tells Tuisku that that it's OK, but that she feels so bad that she may have to
lie down on this rock for the rest of her life. She composes a poem that she
recites to him:

*I am soon to depart the Earth  
With your blood  
In my belly*  

*My love! My life! My food for thought! I have been made a book beyond all books  
With your blood  
In my belly*  

*My life, my story, my book, all made of you, puke-jotted word blots on fresh flesh pages  
With your blood  
In my belly*  

*The book is signed, the book is sealed, the book is sold, the true tale our bond inked  
With my bile, with your blood  
In my belly*  

She dies almost instantly after, and, whistling enigmatic notes from the
*Liebestod* through his ever stiff upper lip, so does he.


### 5.

Being methodical and a bit nerdy, they started by thinking about recipes. Here
are a few of them.

*All dairy products are assumed to be of human or plant origin, or synthetic.*

**Blood and Other Potatoes**

Peel and thinly slice potatoes, as well as accompaniments according to taste,
such as strawberries, ripe pears, watermelons, capsicum or even onions.
Thoroughly mix with your, or your children's, blood protein solution (created
by adding deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and coenzyme Q10 (ubiquinone) to tepid
water and mashing the mixture maniacally through a tea strainer or sieve). Cook
in an iron cauldron until everything becomes one hæmoglobinous mass that will
hold shapes. Serve with vegayonnaise.

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Thirsty Naples Chick Pizzazz (not a pizza!)**

Marinate your freshly blood-seeded kidney-shaped pasta (blend the
aforementioned blood protein solution with semolina and sunflower oil) with
carnivorous plant flower pollen, avocado zest, and distilled bile. Serve with
tomato sauce, garlic, black pepper, basil and parmigiano.

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Ides of March Salad**

*(The original Roman recipe requires blood from the recently deceased from
unnatural causes, but in modern times standard household blood is commonly used
as a replacement. The same goes for the feathers, traditionally from SPQR
eagles, but in current urban contexts more often than not pigeon or even
sparrow feathers are used. The International Vegan Federation consider the
latter permissible if collected on the ground without harm or disturbance to
the birds.)*

The devil, as always, is in the dressing: dried blood flakes bleached in
nocciola cream, fig juice, olive oil, garlic paste and white wine vinegar.
Alternatively add cherry tomatoes, capers, cashew or coconut mozzarella, fig
feta, sliced, roasted and crushed feathers, or, for the seafood version,
shiitake cuttlefish, oyster mushroom octopus, or potato & kelp prawns. Don't
forget to sprinkle the salad with more blood flakes and potato slices before
serving.

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**New York Bloodcake**

Dissolve semi-sweet or regular cake mix into blood and tears (measure a few
teaspoons once the cake mix has blended into the blood). Add finely chopped
fresh herbs, nuts, and dried blood fruits according to the season. Cook in the
oven until it looks semi wet, then gild it with milk icing.

Recommended blood fruits:

- Crimson Pineapple (Equatorial New Transylvania): the juice is often used as
  broth by cannibals
- Clotty Cantaloupe (also tropical, mostly found in Kazakhstan and Mongolia)
- Dracula's Plum (Mediterranean): not technically a blood fruit, but imitates
  the taste of blood to deter predators
- Wounded Blackcurrants (Balkans): the main ingredient for the eponymous
  'wounded soda', that uses fermented juice from these berries as well as
  plasma from the elderly, very popular in Sarajevo and Zagreb
- Robespierre Apple (France, Belgium and Switzerland): a breed developed by
  Benedictine monks as pastime during the Terror of '93

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Hamlet's Omelet**

Poach a couple of (chia, flax or mung beans) eggs of your own uncle's blood in
a stone pan on a platform before a castle. Add a dash of milk (princess
preferred, but any loving partner will do), pepper, nutmeg, poisoned earwax,
salt to taste. Once they are wiggly, smash them into a cheap, moist,
high-protein and thoroughly nerve-wracking omelet.

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Cao Cao's Death Noodles**

Prepare your dandan sauce as usual, replacing the pork mince with a generous
dollop of stir-fried fermented blood. Season your noodles with your favourite
greens, scallions, coriander, soft-boiled (chia, flax or mung beans) eggs,
sesame oil, and light soy sauce, or some greasy hair tofu (best if fried
beforehand with dark soy sauce, caster sugar and Shaoxing wine).

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Raw Blood Popsicles**

These are rather tasty and harmless, especially after a good few hours of
bloodletting. Urban dwellers' veins may contain environmental pollutants, so
consider carefully what you ingest.

For crisper results, it is advised to let the blood cool down before freezing
it:

- Summer blood: 14-15 °C
- Winter blood: 8-10 °C

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*[Round of applause! Congratulations! You have been selected to be the next
raw ingredient!]*


### 6.

Being methodical and a bit nerdy, they started by thinking about recipes. Here
are a few of them.

**Black Pudding**

Ingredients

- 2 litres of fresh human blood
- 500g of diced sea coconut fat, slightly sweated
- 250g of sliced onions, finely chopped and gently sweated
- 2 heaped tbsp of oatmeal, soaked in water overnight
- 1 heaped tsp of white pepper
- 1 heaped tbsp of salt
- 1 heaped tsp of ground mixed spice (such as coriander, cumin & ginger)
- 500 ml of double cream (Teat Treasures or Maternal Love are both great
  brands, but the bounty of any sound woman's breast will do)

Equipment

- 1 large pan
- Natural sausage placenta casings (which you need to soak overnight beforehand)
- A funnel
- A sieve
- A large tray
- String

After extraction, sieve the blood, into a large container, to remove any clots
or any impurities. Add the sweated coconut fat and the fried onions to the
blood. Mix in well. Then stir in the oatmeal, white pepper, salt, spice and
double cream. When the ingredients are thoroughly mixed, it's time to fill the
casings. Tie a knot on over one end of a casing – leaving a long length of
string as a "tail". Pull the other end over the nozzle of your funnel. Using a
ladle, pour the mixture into the funnel. This will be messy, so perform the
entire operation over a tray to catch any overflow. Don't overfill the casing –
puddings expand as they cook. You need to leave 5-7cm at the top. The funnel
can become clogged. Use a chopstick or something similar to clear any blockage.
Take the tail of the piece of string and use it to tie a second knot in the
other end of the casing. You should have a nice U-shaped pudding. Complete
filling the rest of the casings. Bring a large pan filled with two-thirds of
unsalted water to the boil and then turn the heat down to a very gentle simmer.
Add each pudding to the water. Prick the pudding occasionally times with a
needle. If a brown liquid comes out, the pudding is done. This should take
about 20 minutes. Leave the pudding to cool and then slice and serve (fresh
blood coulis is popular but optional).

**Blood Soup**

Ingredients

- Two liters of fresh human blood
- 2 med-large onions, roughly chopped
- 1 med-large leek, chopped
- 1 med-large potato, roughly chopped
- 1 med-large carrot, roughly chopped
- 80 grams of oatmeal, soaked overnight
- 4 garlic cloves, chopped
- 1/3 bunch of lemongrass, crushed
- 2 tbsp of peanuts, soaked overnight
- 2 tbsp of coriander seeds, soaked overnight
- 1 tsp of salt
- 1 tbsp of dulse and miso paste
- 2 generous tbsp of tamarind concentrate

Equipment

- A large pan
- A saw-tooth spoon
- An oven
- Large bowls
- A thermometer
- A sieve
- A large container
- A measuring cup

Set oven to 180°C. Using the back of a ladle, a nail or a chopstick, start
piercing an inch or so hole in the bottom of the container. This is where the
soup will catch and this will ensure that no clump of blood goes to waste.
Drain and rinse the blood off your hands, and, without licking your fingers,
dry the juiciness a little by grabbing blobs of material with your fingers and
squeezing some of their life out. Start by heating the blood – but don't
overheat it. The temperature shouldn't be hotter than that which you would use
to boil infant milk.

**_A note on Blood Soup_**

*The recent attacks against the concept of using yourself as nourishment, even
in sensible, middle-of-the-road cases where the 'negative' effects remain
minimal, are based on somewhat stretchy arguments. There are people who have
had a blood transfusion since the start of the art with no ill effects.
Besides, would even the most dedicated occultist positivist be able to defend
that getting such a treatment is not such a good idea if, following it
carefully, one can be guaranteed still to live in 100 years' time? Even if that
is one's innermost desire? Maybe those critics should remember that a blood
solution to health problems like the one we propound is what can be called a
"natural fasting product", a time-honoured ascetic practice and a pathway to
spiritual and scientific enlightenment.*

*An additional and important note to be made is that while we – vegans of
course – are the only people truly aware of the genesis of our bizarre habits,
we would like to keep the wit and creativity in our work intact, mostly by
using rabid rambling and unexpected metaphors. Thus we hope to enlarge our
crowd, and get more test subjects.*

Slowly bring the blood to a boil, then take it off the heat. Mix all the
vegetables in a large bowl. Put the oatmeal in another bowl and combine it with
the salt, garlic, lemongrass, coriander seeds, peanuts, dulse and miso paste
and tamarind concentrate. Pour the blood over the mixture. Mix well. Pour the
mixture into the container again, returning it to the oven. Bake for 2-3 hours.
Let cool and then refrigerate. Serve in a variety of ways – spicy, mild,
savoury, sweet, sweet and sour, thin or thick. My favourite way to eat the soup
is with raw onion, garlic, peanut butter, roti and Robespierre apples.

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Kotteri Hakata Vampirole with Tagaruikko Natural Meatpacking Plant
Vegetables**

*freely adapted from the book by Matayoshi & Shimura*

Ingredients

- 1 cup of clotless, precooked minced blood
- 1 pound of firm tofu
- 1 cup of cooked yellow or red rice (other indeterminate colours are
  tolerated)
- 250 ml of vegetable oil
- 250 ml of cashew cream
- 1 cup of chopped leeks, fleeced
- 1 cup of dried mushrooms, softened in warm water overnight, chopped
- 1 cup of shredded fresh greens or cooked cabbage (green, red, yellow or
  black)
- 1 cup of chopped spring onions
- 1 cup of tamari (or other soy sauce)
- 1 cup of chopped kale
- 1 cup of chopped carrot
- 1 cup of chopped celery
- 1/2 cup of uncooked buckwheat noodles
- 1/4 cup of ginger (large knobs)
- 1/4 cup of coarsely ground corn
- 1/4 cup of cornstarch
- 1/4 cup of ground sesame seeds
- 1/2 cup of shiro miso (white miso)
- 1/4 cup of rice wine vinegar
- 1/4 cup of sugar

Equipment

- Baking tray
- A whisk
- A food processor
- A 1-gallon cooking vessel
- A saucepan
- A large pan
- A heavy grater
- A plate
- A rolling pin

To be honest, these are all made from a single trip to the grocery store. Fresh
yellow onions, fresh red tomatoes, and two different kinds of mushrooms were
all purchased the same day. I'm going to use the Tagaruikko Natural Meatpacking
Plant vegetables as the backbone (I do not know when it shut down in the first
place, but it has been derelict for many years, I'm sure you also went there
for illegal raves as a teenager, and now their produce market is definitely the
best out there). After the liquid in the seasoning has been poured in, heat the
oil in a large pan over a medium heat. Chop up all the solid ingredients and
the broth. Add them to the pan and let simmer for 1 hour. The dish should be a
tomato red colour. Add the remaining liquids and simmer again for another hour.
Fill the cooking container with rice. Alternatively, pour everything into your
makeshift vessel and whisk until frothy and a uniform colour. Jam works too.
Grate the ginger and add to the bowl. Replace the lid and shake the whole thing
vigorously to mix everything. When ready, use a plate and transfer the veggie
mixture to the plate. Warm the saucepan over medium heat until it has bubbled
up. When it does, stir the sauce for about 2 minutes. Remove sauce from heat
and add the vinegar, sugar and sesame seeds. Season with a dash of salt and
pepper.

**_After Having Swallowed a Bowl of Vampirole_**

*The first bowl of* Vampirole *drools in your mouth like a messy bed raped by the rough rays of sundawn.*

*The blood beast growls and prowls in the first bowl then from the well of your throat it howls to its sleeping fellows, calling for close air support by nightfall.*

*The first drop of the "Febrile Summer Night" Extra Spicy Happy Hour Edition leaping onto the back of my teeth is*

*a wailing chorus of agent-oranged meat-eating corpses-to-be, who's eating who now!, barely hearing my screams above their screams*

*"Hey you, meatlickers, next time treat us bloodsuckers with the respect of the Earth!"*

Use the whisk and add the sauce to the veggie mixture. Mix well. It should be
creamy in consistency. Return the sauce to the saucepan. Heat until it heats
up. Serve in the drooping bowls for a very civilised starter. I have found that
it tastes best with a couple of traditional globs of lean blood in the dish. I
have a recipe for some shumai (home-made veggie dumplings) that go great with
this dish. They are very good with bitter green tea.

*To avoid danger,  
Or too much pleasure,  
Slurp it in quick  
In one fine lick.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*[Round of applause! Congratulations! You have been selected to be the next raw
ingredient!]*


### 7.

Everyone was horrified, but they had all fallen in love with this idea,
forgetting all consequences. And so it came to pass that they put everyone to
one side, and themselves to the other. They became hungrier than ever, and they
managed to keep each other alive for several weeks, their mutual memory banks
full of the horrific pasts of the other. Then they changed their minds: given
who they had become, it did not really matter whether they got along with
everyone or not. They felt other and the same. Blood had made them multiple,
parallel and indifferent. This time they spent their time sharing quick-fire
*jeux d'esprit* in foreign languages and speed buying routines in grocery
stores, like normal people, and yet they found that they had become able to
resist all temptations. During their meals, they would invent jokes about last
suppers, about going crazy, about stabbing each other, about shearing off
livers and pancreases, prostate and fallopian tubes, about eloping into the sky
on radiant chariots.


### 8.

In a series of passionate lectures and a hundred confrontations with the
political, religious and ideological situation of their age, they persuaded
themselves that this was absolutely fine – that they were ready for it – and
even pawned their tongue rings in Fleet Street in an effort to give more fuel
to the fire of their conviction, to force themselves never to give up the
fight. These fascinating women took a huge risk, but it paid off, and they
almost immediately felt a surge of vitality from the blood. After many contact
experiments, they realised that given only very short adaptation period, a few
days at most, they could maintain the same blood pressure, cholesterol, BMI and
cardiovascular tonus as someone who lived on animal blood! That was a profound
and deeply unexpected revelation. However, reckless copycats of their method
soon started to die and, unfortunately, as decentralised lifestyle contagion
events – also known as a Standalone Complex Swans in pandemic parlance – were
not a class of psychosocial diseases European countries had had much experience
with before the Black Death of 1346, they had to escape the ire of the Church,
bury their discoveries as well as themselves in a dim and gloomy basement in
Helsinki and resign themselves to a life in hiding, keeping busy with
scientific study and crochet. The sisters, sustained by their miraculous
practices, lived on for hundreds of years, digging underground galleries
connecting all the great cultural centres of Europe (the Gotthard Tunnel under
the Alps is said to be their only known work still in operation), until their
former pupil and later informant, Charles Darwin gave away the location of
their London hideout – a derelict cave in a mews of West Brompton – to his wife
Emma before mysteriously dying during the Long Depression of 1873-1896. Emma,
with the best of intentions, went there the next morning with a basket of
Dracula's plums, and opened the rusty door of their dungeon. The two grand old
ladies did not survive the fetidity of the Victorian air more than a few
minutes.


### 9.

Why does this story have an uneasy sexual undertone?

Why do some males admire the semen of women who have sucked blood?

Why do some females view feeding on the blood of males as a genuine
aphrodisiac?

Let us explore these questions.

Let us first assume that the two specimens under investigation are people in
whom the adulation of humans, a major aphrodisiac trigger, is very present.
They are starved of that basic feeling of sexual and social acceptance. We also
assume that their hunger for semen is strong and acute. In the case at hand, it
almost surpasses the thirst for blood. One should also add that blood, in the
minds of our subjects, should be conceived as an easily accessible, a 'mere'
source of ichor, and is in no way associated with a rejection of
fertilisability or sexuality in general. Indeed, in many situations, the two
specimens would find blood both more disgusting and more appealing than semen
because to them blood is the maintenance fuel, rather than mystical-biological
source, of human life.

The appetite for male semen has been erroneously surmised to be less intense
than for the female one in our subjects. On the contrary, their strict
observance of an equality of relish between the male and the female juices
undoubtedly stems from a raging love and support for their fellow specimens. 

As for sexual maturity and readiness, the two specimens are of legal age and,
more importantly, have the required degree of self-esteem (exceedingly low).
Finally, like so many proud members of the feral overclass, they want to
experience something new and unfamiliar. The desire for feelings is probably of
little importance to them, especially in comparison to the nonlinear mechanics
of ejaculation, the quantum superposition of squirts, or even the algebraic
topology of human oral stimulation.

At the onset of the proceedings, the specimens make sure that their saliva is
clean, they use sterilised water to rinse their orifices, as well as a tongue
depressor to clean the roof and walls of their mouths. Then they insert one
bloodied finger of each hand in their mouth, place the index finger of their
other hand on their Nervous Sexual Appendage (NSA, clitoris for females, glans
for males, other for others), and slowly begin to massage their NSAs with their
index fingers. The two specimens stay perfectly still during this process, with
their head held upright and their eyes closed. Then, when their index fingers
are lubricated, they begin to push the tips of their index fingers slowly
inside their mouth and on the inside wall of their lips, as if to simulate
swallowing. They move their fingers in tiny circles, imperceptibly, moving them
in small and steady clockwise and counterclockwise motions until the tips of
their fingers reach the back of their mouths. They repeat this exercise until
they feel the mixture of saliva and blood move down the back of their throats,
and the back of their throats consequently getting sticky. When they think that
they have reached the desired consistency, they slowly pull their fingers out
of their mouths.

All that remains is for them to arrange their faces into a position of
enjoyment. The specimens open their eyes, smile, and tilt their heads, until
blood starts dripping down their chins. Then, depending on the age, ideology,
but mostly the overall mood of the participants, and the weather, they laugh,
lick each other's lips, or begin to rub their respective NSAs with their index
finger until they reach a moment of rapture.

In order to be able to report the facts as truly and accurately as possible, I
had to ask the two specimens about the pleasure they sensed in their fingers,
tongues, throats, and respective NSAs. They explained to me that their NSA had
become a customizable kaleidoscope of all their body parts, a holistic catalyst
for pleasure. They said they were aware that this sounded bad or cliché, but
that they didn't care. They also added, somewhat unrelatedly, that the only
things that still felt ticklish to them these days were their nipples and that
they really liked having a strong drink before, during and after sex in the
summer months.

After that, one of the two specimens begins to straddle the other and receive
from it a firm but delicate oral caress, leading to completion. The resulting
fluid, instead of being ingested or otherwise disposed of, is mixed with blood
and then delicately poured over the straddler's middle finger. The latter then
gently inserts the tip of said finger into the straddlee's anus and just as
gently pushes it into the rectum, stopping once it reaches the end of its
finger. Then, when it is content with the dilution of the mix and the overall
arousal state of its partner's intestine, it pulls its finger out and issues a
sign of ritualistic approval in the form of a nod. The other specimen shows its
understanding by a reciprocal gesture. It begins to move its hands according to
the appropriate rhythm, in preparation for further stimulation of its NSA and
its partner's, all in one fell swoop. Without ever losing the beat, it gently
unfolds its Central Ecstasy Organ (CEO, vulva for females, penis and testicles
for males, other for others) with its fingers, 'as if opening the petals of a
flower', they describe together in one voice. It continues to move its hands at
least until a full invigoration of the NSA of the other specimen. Then, after a
second round of climax and dactylic lubrication, it inserts one finger into the
other specimen's mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, without any detectable
sign of preference or pattern, takes it out, and kisses the blood off of it.
Turning its back to the first specimen in an elaborate, yoga-like arched
position, it uses its tongue to collect the blood and semen off the tip of the
other's CEO. It meticulously strokes its own NSA, then its partner's,
respecting the ongoing pulsation, while swallowing. When it has cleaned the
length of the CEO from top to bottom, it applies the tip of its finger to the
end of its tongue and pushes it inside its mouth, triggering a sonorous gag
reflex, thereby bringing the experiment to an end.

The two repeat this procedure again and again until their Will to Come runs out
for the day. They often swap roles and hands while repeating the whole
procedure, until either blood reserves are exhausted, or they reach
satisfaction, or they complete a full survey of logical possibilities:

Liekki straddler, right hand; Tuisku straddlee, right hand.  
Liekki straddler, right hand; Tuisku straddlee, left  hand.  
Liekki straddler, left  hand; Tuisku straddlee, right hand.  
Liekki straddler, left  hand; Tuisku straddlee, left  hand.  
Liekki straddlee, right hand; Tuisku straddler, right hand.  
Liekki straddlee, right hand; Tuisku straddler, left  hand.  
Liekki straddlee, left  hand; Tuisku straddler, right hand.  
Liekki straddlee, left  hand; Tuisku straddler, left  hand.  

Those eight possibilities are to be duly multiplied by five in order to account
for the choice of mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus during each iteration. A
full rendition has been omitted out of a spirit of strict observance for the
equality of urge, between trust and despise, towards our readership.

**The End**

*This report is a little confusing. Twice, the stopping criterium remains very
unclear, when "they think that they have reached the desired consistency" and
when the straddler "is content with the dilution of the mix and the overall
arousal state of its partner's intestine". Moreover, no actionable description
is provided in order to "[t]urn [one's] back to the first specimen in an
elaborate, yoga-like arched position", and no clue is given as to what music is
to be played when one is to "move [one's] hands according to the appropriate
rhythm" and "meticulously stroke[ one's] own NSA, then [one's] partner's,
respecting the ongoing pulsation". Later, it is implied that one would want to
go on "until [one's] Will to Come runs out", but as an end user I don't know
what these words mean, nor how I could apply that to my case and practice the
whole routine at home.*

*This reminds me of a passage in an Indian treatise where a hairdresser becomes
a shaman near the Cutty Saroja underground station. He would raise alligators
to eat. One day, a 'gifted' mutant emerges from his body and is found to be
capable of beautiful and impressive speeches. It can sing food-themed hymns and
even dictates the lyrics of 'Ain't That a Kick in the Head' to The Beatles from
his position of power above the musicians' heads as they are immobilised during
a haircut. "So, obviously, this is something that could be done more, but it is
also boring. This will be the only time I influence a human band.", it is said
to have stated. Tuisku estimates that the one he wrongly calls a guru ate at
least 100 alligators in total since the mutant arose, and remains fascinated by
the boldness of what he very erroneously, and in fact almost offensively labels
'that alternative Shivaist voodoo'. Another day, the hairdresser is about to be
eaten by his lunch – always an alligator – and the only thing the mutant says
is: "you know, old chap, the worst thing of all is that I'm starting to think
about all those babies I'm going to have to feed on and be fed to once you get
digested", without ever giving any elucidation.

In any case, as a conclusion to my review, I can say that I find all this
scientific jargon irritating, and I want the author to make things clearer.
However, I am a law-abiding citizen, and believe in the sanctity of the
empirical method. I will therefore leave the report exactly as it is, and only
add my comments below.*

**Appendix A**

The two specimens, sharing moments of pleasure, used to achieve short-lived
spells of sexual satisfaction, ones that were born out of a profound need, the
absence of touch having made them so desperate. The reason for the specimens'
failure to concoct satisfaction was that they did not experience truly mutual,
interemotional 'touch', to use the term as they did. Indeed, in their previous
sexual habits, sensual, physical pleasure was given, or taken, but there was no
exchange. During interviews they repeatedly said that they found pleasure in
swapping cum or blood in each other's mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, an
aleatoric habit they had cultivated for as long as they could remember, and one
can assert beyond any doubt that each of them had sex, but it seems just as
clear that they did not have sex *with* each other. In order to implement the
desired configuration of emotions, values, ideas, and blood, and find osmosis,
those specimens have had to come to terms with the fact that sex is not about
love – which always implies the presence of an unbridgeable abyss – but about
the perfectly synchronised enactment of a collaborative algorithm of
stimulation. As the automated poet of the myth of the *Tantrum Twins* puts it,
"a Federation of Agents – the Fusional Emergence of Truth Knots".

To achieve mutual satisfaction, then, both specimens have had to look deeply
inside themselves to deduce again, on their own, that human touch is a thing
that can be run in logarithmic time, if and only if no actions nor intentions
are ever separated from the procedural (NSA) and generative (CEO) life of the
other person. That was of course easier proved than done, and it is only when
the two specimens finished the first cycle of their embraces, as they kissed
the last drops of blood out of each other, that they knew that, for the first
time, they were actually, truly, deeply, *satisfied*. Then, they continued with
their lives as if nothing had happened.

*There are many nuances and layers in the responses, thoughts, and ideas that
you get from this kind of intelligence. I find all of this very interesting. I
hope that you do too. One thing that bugged me for so long, however, is that
some specimens view spilt blood as the suspicious residual touch of another
human – gross! –, whereas others resolutely as an inseparable part of their own
being. How such divergence can even exist remained a complete mystery until I
wrote the following, more dialectic, gloss.*

**Appendix B**

Another day, the two specimens ate together, before going to their last
friends' place. Their four friends were waiting for them. They got undressed,
engaged in a surprise intercourse, and ended up coming back at approximately
the same time the next morning. As the specimens walked on the quiet path, they
had plenty of time rehearsing opening the door, going into their living room,
sitting down on the couch, and arguing:

Liekki: What happened with the friends? No. Did anything special happen with
the friends? You disappeared for half the night.

Tuisku: Nothing, dear. We just had a really nice time together.

Liekki: Don't lie, you three were out till after one in the morning! What
happened?

Tuisku: Nothing happened. We just had a great time, the two of us.

Liekki: Great, very great. What did you two do all night long?

Tuisku: We got some food, we ate, we drank, we talked, we had sex and we
laughed. That was the only thing we did. We were six, by the way, you included.

Liekki: I don't believe you, you four were out until after one. Where did you
go?

Tuisku: To the hairdresser room.

Liekki: Ooh, no, that's a lie!

Tuisku: Don't scream like that, that's bad.

Liekki: That's a horrible lie, too! Screaming has therapeutic virtues!

Tuisku: Do you really think that I'm lying to you?

Liekki: I know that you lied!

Tuisku: But you know that if I told you the truth, it would break the bonds of
friendship between you and me.

Liekki: Whatever. We used to be best friends, you know, but, in the end, I
realise that I can't trust you.

Tuisku: I didn't want to tell you the truth, but I did.

Liekki: What? So you did tell me the truth?

Tuisku: Yes! Who do you think I am? Of course I did.

Liekki: Oh, really? Didn't you have a chance to tell me all about it
beforehand? I'm sure you didn't stop even a minute to think about what would
happen when you didn't tell me you told me the truth. I feel so stupid. I knew
this would happen.

Tuisku: No, you are wrong. I did do that, I stopped to doubt myself, then went
back to doing it, many times, for hours on end sometimes, but the conclusion
was always the same: I could not avoid doing so.

Liekki: What could you not avoid doing?

Tuisku: Tell you the truth. Even though we are best friends, I can never trust
you again. I'm sorry.

Liekki: Same here, especially now that I know that you have lied to me.

Tuisku: Okay, okay!

Liekki: I can not trust you again. Ever.

Tuisku: No, me neither. Nor can I think even for a minute of the consequences
of having told you the truth. This is too much for me.

Liekki: You've cheated on me.

Tuisku: Not at all.

Liekki: "Not at all". That's just what all humans say, dear!

Tuisku: I only have to look in a mirror to see that my BREASTs (BREAST:
Reactive Excitable Acute Sensuous Tactile, a recursive acronym for the
standardised series of tests granting access to intimate upper-body contact,
also used metonymically to designate the scores obtained during such tests) are
bigger than you always care to admit. That's why you don't trust me.

Liekki: You can have a look in a mirror and tell yourself you realise that your
BREASTs are bigger than mine, that won't change the fact that I can't tell you
why you are wrong even if you are wrong, because the stupidity of the real
motive behind that vague reasoning of yours is much more unbrearable than my
current brain is willing to tolerate, I would say by at least a few orders of
magnitude, which leaves me equally speechless and unconvinced.

Tuisku: That's why I can't tell you *why* I have so much bigger BREASTs than
you. You can't even begin to fathom how humiliating it is to me that I have to
look in a mirror to know this, you've always ever known but clarity and purpose
in life. Anyway, now I feel so stupid for wanting to reveal to you why I have
the opposite relationship with your BREASTs to yours with mine.

Liekki: I'm not even going to answer that. There's more to life than marks and
exams.

Tuisku: I know that these fucking BREASTs are the only reason why you talk with
an infinitesimal degree of precision, but the reason why that's the case is so
much smaller than the reason why I can't share my most private thoughts with
you. I think we should focus on that instead, I'm through with this bullshit.

Liekki: Again, that thing! That's it, it's over, I'm through, too! You see,
that's why I don't trust you, dear. Don't forget that *I* am also the only
specimen with whom *I* talk with an arbitrary amount of precision, just like
you, and I have an optimal model of why I keep things secret from you.

Tuisku: Right. For the record, last night, I did not know that there were other
specimens in the room with us, OK? I always thought that our last friends where
humans... Anyway... Could we not start over?, maybe become even more devoted
than we were before? Because, remember?, we both wanted to be there. "Don't
forget to get back into the comfort zone, every now and then!" That was your
'reason' to go, don't deny it.

Liekki: No, it wasn't like that. I can't believe that you think it was like
that. Be that as it may, it is still I, and I alone, who left the room in the
end.

Tuisku: Yes, yes, I don't deny that, no need to get upset. Let me recapitulate,
then, so that we are on the same page. What you say is: you, alone, went into
the room, and you, alone, came out of the room?

Liekki: You are so irritating. Now I almost feel like agreeing. Anyway, what on
earth did you think you were doing? And by that I mean, before and after I was
in the room. Did you even turn the lights on?

Tuisku: The thought of lights, on or off, did not cross my mind. All I could
feel was that, as the stream of my blood was not mixing with the stream of my
ejaculate, despite my best efforts, it was I, my whole being, who was not
intermingling. I drank my blood, I drank my ejaculate, and I enjoyed my
pleasures, but it is as if I did not exist.

Liekki: No. That cannot be.

Tuisku: Yes, it was. I did feel that.

Liekki: Had you really done so, you would have *willed* your blood into running
out of your own head, leading to an unmistakable perception of existence!

Tuisku: How can you not take me seriously? You were there! You are their best
friend, and my second most precise interlocutor. Look at you now. You are now
just as you were then, completely satisfied. How can I have been so careless to
trust you.

Liekki: Why did you go to the hairdresser room?

Tuisku: You see, we three were thinking to to get food, drinks, and a pubic
haircut. Also, the third friend said that we really should have a look at our
BREASTs together while we were at it, and that there was no better place to do
that than the hairdresser room. When we were done examining them, the end of my
thing, NSA or CEO – I even can't recall now, can you believe that?! – was
already dripping with blood. I tried to clean the tip with the end of my
tongue, and, believe it or not, I succeeded, I cleaned it, even sucked on it,
and then, conscientious as I am, you know me, I went on until I retracted the
tip of my tongue inside my mouth. It was so nice to be able to lick it to the
bitter end, and fought hard not to swallow. I knew I had to store the juice
inside my mouth, and so I squeezed my lips as hard as I possibly could. After I
had cleaned it, I transferred the SSC (Sexual Saliva Complex: saliva, sexual
fluids, blood, sometimes seasoned with golden syrup or soy sauce, according to
taste) I had in my mouth onto the corner of the other specimen's NSA, and, I
pushed the tip of my tongue inside the cavity of its CEO.

Liekki: I could never have satisfied the requirements.

Tuisku: What?

Liekki: I would never have been able to perform the transfer that early. I
would have had to put my finger in its mouth first, at the very least, and
maybe also get a taste of its SSC. So, except for the initial SSC kerfuffle, it
is exactly how it would have gone for me. After that, everything would have
gone smoothly. My ejaculate would have come out of my body, and into the NSA of
the specimen I would only have had the most imprecise of comminglings. It would
have been unsettling. Nevertheless, I would have rummaged through the whole of
its CEO, lingering on its NSA as would have been appropriate. I would have then
pushed my tongue inside its mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, slowly, and
deep, and as I would have kissed it, I would have suctioned the tip of its
tongue into my mouth, and I gently would have bitten both its sides. Finally,
as I would have closed my eyes and known the end would have been near, it would
have been as if I had been *inside* my NSA, and then, at the very same time,
and as if by sheer force of will, inside the NSA of the other specimen! And as
I would have been inside its NSA, spiritually, as it were, since none of us
would have been moving at this point, I would have been able to go on again and
again, in my head, until I would have felt the tip of my tongue again back
inside the mouth of its NSA. It would have had to have been sleep-sucking. I
would know that I would have spent all my ejaculate. I would have been able to
collect some of the SSC back. I would have swallowed at last. I would have
known I had just stopped everything. I would have stood up and would have left
the room. It would have been like a dream. Surprisingly, this is in fact
precisely what I did while you were away. I don't even know why I'm wasting my
time being mad at you.

Tuisku: That's great! I enjoyed this time of mutual satisfaction, as you would
have, as you indeed have, and I know that at least one of our friends ended up
being satisfied, it told me so as we were walking down the stairs, and I, at
the same time, think I can say have had an orgasm, algorithmically speaking, of
course. I am therefore fulfilled.

Liekki: I couldn't agree more. Hey, where are you going, dear?

Tuisku: Oh, I forgot to tell you. The lab finally got me a new ugly outfit, and
they took some time to synthesise the replacement after I complained, but it's
ready now.

Liekki: What have you done again? You are so fussy. Alright, fair enough, but I
have to let you go there on your own because I do not want to be embroiled in
checking how imprecise these outfit matters are. I could not for the life of me
approve of such shenanigans without thorough verification first.

The specimens parted. They were satisfied. They had found that they could
connect and participate in a collaboratively constructed exchange with strong
guarantees of mutual satisfaction, beyond the former shores of fear, denial,
and mistrust conundrums that their insatiable hunger for human touch had left
them stranded on. In the short-lived moments of pleasure they had known in the
past, they had been separated as if by an imperceptible screen. They were now
existing on that screen, like the first explorers of the Möbius strip clubs of
old.

Today, the specimens are still playing together. They get dressed. They go out.
They have sex with and without friends. They walk home at the same time.


### 10.

The idea proved so wonderful that they soon became radicalised. Only days after
the beginning of their regimen, they had imagined, and subjected themselves to,
the most stringent discipline and training. After a year, they were
combat-ready. They booked their plane tickets, and flew to San Antonio, Texas,
landing just a few miles away from the war zone. As Liekki and Tuisku felt the
Southern sun on their skins and the dry, dusty air in their lungs, they
contemplated with joy the sacred nature of their mission: to kill meat-eating
humans.

Initially, their organization was ruthless. With only a little experience, they
killed their first political victim, Juana Cruz. She was and elderly spy and
retired killer, the last of the anti-sanguinist agents of the CIA, who had been
betrayed by the organisation and driven into poverty. She lived in a caravan
not too far from the airport. She was seized by the two killer siblings on a
Walmart parking lot and found drained of her blood and strangled with her own
intestines.

A couple of hours later, a CCTV camera recorded them carrying two corpses –
their heads brutally severed and their skins peeled clean by what must have
been claws –, walking calmly to the edge of town and hanging there a few
minutes before vanishing from the screen into the dust of the battlefield.

For most of the first phase of their deployment, their success was almost
routine: they would capture hostages, kill them, sometimes fleece and boil
them, sometimes dry and shred them. They usually then fed them to passing
herds. Sometimes they would send what must have been an incomprehensible ransom
message to some address or other, a quickly scribbled note reading: 'Fuck fish
flour', or 'We are not your steaks'.

They could feel the devil's breath upon their lips. They knew the fear they
were inflicting on the victim was strong, but were only filled with gratitude
for the blood and terror meat-eaters had wrought onto the lives of their
ancestors, as it was now the fusion power of their rage.

After their swift takeover of San Antonio, the rare cameras still in operation
showed them strolling about town. As they happened to stumble across the
Hertzberg Clock around the end of the afternoon, Liekki was captured on CCTV
having one of her famed fits of inspiration:

**The Clock**

*It is five past four on the Hertzberg Clock.  
Time has stopped.*  

*The red pushers have withdrawn into their lairs.  
Hours have come and gone, now the pixels are asleep.  
For how long have minutes been counted at the push of a button?*  

*The leather tourniquet rests on the motel mattress,   
Waiting,  
Its thirst unbending.*

*Tonight  
The metal gears will creak under the veneer of the bed.*

*Tomorrow  
Need will slink, slither, shove off,  
In the glare of the morning.*

*Be watchful, victims.  
You are next.  
The Clock isn't right.  
Time is in on the menace.*  

Tuisku, who rather felt like prose after combat, retorted with that
composition:

*Walking past the Hertzberg Clock you'll soon look up and see in the dust clouds
the form for whom you will have cried for millions of years. An old face made
of billions of faces, smiling in all serenity at its own perennial cruelty. It
is for idiots that you will have cried for eternity. It is for scum that you
will have called for mercy. But who will answer you? As you walk past the
Hertzberg Clock, you will be surprised by gunfire from windows, and you will
run for cover.*

Watching this, Peter Himmelstein, the journalist who brought to light the
stupendous horror of these events, got abruptly interrupted by gunfire from
windows, and ran for cover into the fridge of his surveillance room. He knew he
would now be hunted. His mind resisted. There was no way they, let alone the
universe, could know he had seen that footage. His gut insisted. They knew.
They knew. They would come.

War, his bread and butter, and his long-standing obsession, was finally
starting to spill over into his life, and he was seeing his sanity quickly
nibbled away by the rats of sheer survival. The next few days would forever
remain a daze of gloom and anguish, impenetrable to recollection. He wrote in
little cracks of time, whenever his hands weren't bloody. He would later reread
these pages, forever unable to understand what they meant, what had happened.

**Selected Pages From Peter Himmelstein's Diary**

**_June 3_**

*Leave. At once. Do not get caught. Hide. Find food. No fire. No sneezing. No
long sleep. Keep running. Don't stop. Attention to every detail. Cling to
anything.*

**_June 4_**

*Any reflex that could make a difference. Between staying a panic wretch for a
little while longer. Or join the heaps of human carrion, by now sky-high
deathscapers in the June sun. Bodies like barb wire weaving America's Great
Death Wall.*

**_June 10_**

*My group was very small when I joined. Fugitives, ideologues, psychos. A very
motley crew. More join every day, crawling into our lines at dawn or after
lunch. We almost never talk. Sometimes, we listen to the radio, each sitting
apart in our improvised camp. An ever larger number of people are talking of
their 'blood awakening', on various shows, on the news. More often than not in
encoded language, but transparent to our ears. What the hell was I thinking?
Coming here, among these weirdos. We will be found in the end. We can't fight
back, only evade, at best skirmish. I'll get myself killed. On my own, I sense
more common with the antibloodz than I care to admit. We all experience a sense
of adventure in the perpetual threat of death. Sometimes, when I hear some
accidental mumble, I can't help but wonder if our ideas around terror and
survival haven't started to enlighten us, somehow. After all, if I recall my
first days in the group, all we did was just small shows of activity, to try
and prove ourselves we could still do something despite being doomed to die
soon... but I must say we became quite different once we got to know each
other. That strange knowledge you get from silence and mumbling, at night, when
all fire is forbidden, and even the lighting of a cigarette can get you killed.
We differ, I would say, most importantly, in our dynamics. The antibloodz are
not the monsters they say they are in the media. The people I see here are
highly motivated by a deep desire to discover the truth and help others. Sure,
they can be nasty as well, but the world has gone to shit. Also, the
antibloodz, the vast majority of them, in this unit at least, are compulsive,
light-weight empiricists. Their discomfort in the current conditions of
disaster and revolution does not stem from, say, a physical defect,
malnourishment or hormonal disorder, but, I'm convinced of that, is the outcome
of a breakdown of personality. In order to adapt to such difficulties as ours,
many have come to recognise that the only way forward is to modify themselves
and their significant others for the worst, willingly and forcibly to undergo a
collective degeneration of thought and emotion. Efforts in the pursuit of new
wisdoms are always diverse and tentative, and even if I wanted to I would be
unable to offer a less flawed summary as I did above. Any such description
would have to reflect the qualitative contrast of the mindsets of these people,
more distinct from each other than I have ever experienced in my life. My days
here are sheer horror, and yet, after the antibloodz, I fear that everything
will be grey and conform again. The sanitised, near-vegetative zombie existence
I have led before, 'within society', and have dreamt so deeply to break away
from. To leave behind forever.*

**_June 11_**

*Perhaps I can say that. The values, beliefs, and perspectives of their parents
of choice, sometimes historical or contemporary figures, sometimes even friends
or strangers, often just recycled synthetic personalities, are the only
authoritative sources of truth. The result is a breach of the normative
peer-evaluative view of the world, the world our past collective societal
experience had built up to this moment of ruin. It seems strange even to think
about it. That old world, I remember, in which the individual sat at the
pinnacle of the hierarchy. Stranger and stranger the more I think about it. One
thing for sure, the point most of them agree on is that "alternative" rules
have been superseded by a New Law: "POWER IS THE DOMINANT FACTOR". A group
decided to carve that on the last standing wall of the State Capitol in Austin.
They left yesterday. No one expects them to return.*

**_June 12_**

*News from the Capitol wall. The enemy got there before them. Crazy, as if they
had been able to read our mind. Rumour has it it's got two big sentences on
it.*

*GROW UP, DRINK BLOOD.*

*DRINK BLOOD, YOU'LL BE LIKE US.*

*Nobody asks whether our group will return. They are most likely all dead. Used
as ink for the slogans. Not sure if anyone cares.*

**_June 17_**

*None of the distinguished British, Canadian, French, German, Japanese, Korean
or Russian experts sent by the Northern Alliance to establish a report ever
knew a single antiblood. This was all after the facts bullshit.  They didn't
even bother meeting or interrogating a single antiblood. They think they can
get me to talk, pathetic fucks. I can hear these words in my head, 'we support
any self-serving attempt among specimens to form an opinion'. Experts my ass!
They are in no position to criticise any fucking thing. I said something along
these lines, I think. I can't remember, they must have hacked me. Of course,
the so-called 'knowledgeable experts' must have either frowned upon that, or
passed over it in silence, the Austrian way. Then the report goes to die in
peer-reviewed journals. Self-styled experts, that's what they are. They simply
regurgitate the all-encompassing perspectives of the world they learnt on Ivy
League benches, a world they eat up and shit right back out. They will never be
able to capture anything of the experience of war with any nuance whatsoever.
Fuck this. Fuck them all.*

**_June 18_**

*What happens next is obvious, I bet you, the interests of high-faluting
politics will not take long to come rain hell on the antibloodz heads. Of the
forty-six thousand antibloodz at the rear of our camp, only a handful, perhaps
two or three hundred, remain now. Every single one of them will immediately be
taken by the Northern Allies and concentrated near the military base at Fort
Hood, in Killeen, Bell County. Since winter is near, and the field blizzards
come with increasing frequency, those few survivors will pushed to the bottom
thresholds of subsistence. If I had to bet, I'd say the craters where the
bodies of the antibloodz will be found will be about a kilometre or so from
each other. Randomly distributed across the fields. Not many people know this,
but it's how they do disposal these days, I saw the pictures from the Marshall
Campaign. Scatter drones, that's what they use. Neat, cheap, green.*

**_June 20_**

*"Welcome to Summer warfare!", that's how they first greeted me. Ah, those
first days. I will always remember. Terror day and night, but also, I can't
explain it, maybe a sense of possibility. We would survive a bit longer, and
that was all that mattered. I almost regret this time. There was freedom then.
I would hear the whispers of a private conversation maybe once or twice a week.
Seems unreal now. Before we fell silent. The defeated antibloodz can no longer
recognise themselves in the prosaic series of corporate war procedures in place
since last week, since the experts' plan kicked in. Apocalyptic attacks,
guerrilla vanishings, that's what they had always been led to believe in. Now,
what do I hear. They are actually going to get replaced by Northern units.
Those will for sure play a heavy role in the battle's day-to-day activities,
especially as they advance through the New Mexican front and clean up the
remaining civilians. But, man, I feel for the antibloodz. They are finished.*

*How different it was just a few weeks ago! It was just us and them back then.
Them tracking us, killing us. We would sleep on the dry dirt, like soldiers of
old in the trenches, usually in groups of five or seven specimens. I remember
how we would lay side by side whenever we found tracks, hoping to get even the
briefest jolt of electricity back in our system.*

*I remember my first Transfer of Bedding ceremony. Stupid, those rituals, but
it really did work. Usually, a person who did not have a sound mattress
attitude would become so embarrassed that he would immediately give up the
practice and make its peace with their dead wood litter. I have never been able
to discover what happens to those how didn't feel anything. If there were any.
Or maybe even who felt proud of feathers or foam rubber... What would happen
then!? I'm sure they would be left as offerings to the enemy, but I could never
find anyone who could confirm that. That said, most of the antibloodz who
provided any material aid, say, pillows, tooth brushes, and the like, to their
comrades would usually die very soon after in the desert. They used to say the
vegans have a way of spotting the generous ones, and and would drink them
first. Sounds complete bollocks to me, but again, can I be entirely sure?* 

*These foot soldiers had come from all over the American continent, often
without weapons, sometimes with money handed down from a rich virtual person or
private enterprise. I still have a copy of the appeal of the autumn of 2037,
which had brought them all together to the battlefield. "Defend Humanity! You
Are The Alpha Species!" All the fucking lies. Every day many died, others ran a
bit further, some more died... I remember the days before the arrival of the
Northern forces, we had been running less and less, every little crack in the
dry earth felt like a huge trench, I could hear old German machine guns in the
mute scorching air. We would crawl for cover in the cacti fields, thinking we
were in the mud, no, not thinking at all. Others continued their onward march,
throwing packs of soap or lamp torches in the air in an attempt at diversion.
They all died.*

**_June 21_**

*We are done for. After some six or seven hundred thousand men had been covered
by the German/Russian smoke shield, the Alliance said would "clear the route"
through the desert, but an avalanche of small-arms fire and shell nanofragments
would blossom at the foothills, blasting both humans and machines into formless
fumes. This would drive the survivors to surrender to the most convenient camp,
lobbing their shells on the dead and wounded, and tell themselves they had no
other choice than to keep on going or use their rucksacks as shrouds. Thanks to
the terrain, the prevailing winds and the abundance of crawling insects, they
were less hungry than at the risk of exposure to renewed night fever. They
would jump from embankments, mauled mostly by American and Alliance fire rather
than by blood freaks, and early-adopt desertion service apps in droves, in the
worst drain of high-arts-of-warmongering brains away from our ranks.*

**_June 28_**

*Collective conversion to blood worship of the last remaining factions in front
of the solid bronze Veterans Memorial on the Plaza of the same name, 451
Jefferson Street, San Antonio. Waves of bizarre 'period tourists' (weird name,
considering they are the missionary disciples of the Europeoples, bringing
Eurospeak and Eurovalues to the Southern Waste Lands). Fuck all
establishednesses, if you ask me. Time to go silent.*

War was raging. 

Ever convinced of the moral and spiritual superiority of their philosophy,
Liekki and Tuisku tore into those who came to stop them. The enemy quickly
encountered resistance, and began to look for an elusive exit. They on the
other hand began pitting enemy forces against one another, as well as raising
an army of stupefied followers, and you can be sure they had each other's
backs, hoisting themselves well above the ancient apex point of Mortal Combat.

Whenever they spotted a supermarket, they would purchase several cow's heads
and skulls, making sure the animals had been dead of natural causes before
being processed, and, surmounting their disgust of abusing animal innocence for
war purposes, proceeded to use them as totemic armours, probably more as an
ironic cheer to American consumerism than a war tactic.

Liekki would say to those who challenged her to a fight, "Even if this day
tastes like a sip of curdled blood wine from my great aunt's cellulite, or a
bite of your human heart after it has been fed to and shat by the jackals of
the desert, I am ready!". As the siblings would charge in, they tended to do so
carrying hook drones, laser spears, surrounded by a swarm of hovering chattel
prods to poke the flesh and bones of enemies.

Another thing that they did was to take the heads off the corpses of children,
and add them to their armours as a lucky charm. As they were undressing the
bodies of the victims of one of their school-oriented campaigns, some starved
followers fell into a fervent exclamation of "Ah! Human beings can be eaten!"
The families were mesmerised by the spectacle. Finally, the bodies were lined
up on the ground. Liekki and Tuisku proceeded to eat one after the other,
claiming to be impressed by how delicious human flesh tasted.

They took a dozen pairs of rented fake leather gloves, each with a special
odour repelling cloth wrapped around the back, and mentally prepared themselves
to open their mouths. One by one, they soaked those gloves in blood while
Liekki and Tuisku executed, with lethal dexterity, the consumed victims one by
one.

The emotions and hunger of the families were intense. They saw that the
children were so beautiful, so innocent, and so loved that they were willing to
give their lives for their cause. Their delight was sharpened by the sight of a
cherubic child who, before the eyes of all, said: "Oh! Death is mine. I will be
taken captive by the lips of the bride and groom of Doom! Oh! Death is mine."
Liekki and Tuisku walked into the house of the little boy, and when they were
complimented on their body shape by the five-year-old, they said, "Let's eat
more children and then see how much of that petulant human flesh we can
consume." Liekki then decapitated him, and ate his lungs and his heart. Tuisku
ate his liver, kidneys and brain. As she chewed his tiny body parts, Liekki
proclaimed, "I am done with at least the first two World Wars...", and Tuisku,
his mouth still half-full, finished her sentence, "...and now I'm going to do
away with a third one." Then they sat around the fire and laughed and sang
songs with the families:

**Hides**

*Burning taut in the distant thinning sun.  
Planted with stakes, hair still clenching blood,  
Your lips are thick with cigarette rolls.  
Rejoice! You gentle folk are the parchment of our poem.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*O King!  
Finder of burstings forth!  
Loser of evergones!*  

*We are the plain ones,  
The blood-to-be, roaming the streets!*  

*O Queen!  
Loser of pourings forth!
Finder of evergones!*  

*We humbly offer you the mansion of our veins,  
Home of the pure red beams!*

*Talk to us,  
You  
Who might be able  
To make us shine  
At last  
A little too bright.*  

Tuisku stood with his head in his hands as he watched the fire consume the tiny
remains. Naturally, nobody, except Liekki, who was feeling horny, noticed how
his face had turned yellow.

A year went by and nothing happened.

The children did not come back to life, despite the promises made by the
government. When their parents looked for them, they did not answer. All of the
parents felt like they had died inside.

Liekki and Tuisku, who had suffered from near-fatal spasms of flatulence,
eventually managed to purge their stomachs from the bodies of the children, and
in this way were able to feed on humans again for some time. They didn't like
the tan this diet gave them, especially Tuisku, and so they went back to taking
the heads and the necks of underage corpses and throwing them into fires, or,
more often, feeding them to migrant herds, like with normal hostages.

They would not stop until they had reached the surcharge of victims they felt
they were entitled to. The world, society, and some have even said Nature
itself, had a reason to fear them. Officials tried to refer to them in allusive
terms, as something of a superstitious fear had gradually invaded the high
command. On the battlefield, they were called the Tantrum Twins. Nobody knows
where the name had come from. Perhaps their blood-drenched appearance had made
them look identical to each other? Perhaps sheer terror led to some strange
irony of despair (the antibloodz called their attacks 'tantrums', even as the
death toll mounted). They had only a fraction of the power they would get
accustomed to wielding, but they already knew the infinite joy of having but
one overarching motivation: their mission.

The danger posed by the siblings to the world was exposed in the form of their
trial by first global judicial system: in just five days, two human beings were
brought to trial for crimes beyond humanity. The siblings were pronounced
guilty and sentenced to die by hanging. Their families back in Helsinki care
homes were outraged and demanded full absolution for the crimes of their mad
offsprings. A second trial date was set and the two siblings were transferred
to a maximum security prison in Livingston, the Allan B. Polunsky Unit. There
they would be made to sit still. Nevertheless, the siblings went in with their
auctoritas, their gravitas, and even their conscience intact.

When inside, they continued their mission by committing a few more crimes:
among other things, Liekki, seizing any sharpened earbuds, spoon or tissue she
could find, lacerated more inmates than any human in history; Tuisku came up
with elaborated strategies to administer to the institution's butchers and
cooks, the siblings' primary targets throughout this part of their campaign,
the same in medicine they used on their animal victims. Their bloodlust, as
these facts demonstrate, had not gone entirely, despite their comparatively
pacified behaviour, and remained a powerful force within the twins' operating
systems during their imprisonment, as it would for the rest of their lives.

All in all, they would make themselves at home in the prison, while making a
mockery of the Pentagon's prohibitions concerning the military feeding of
prisoners, and even blatantly flouting them during inspiration-expiration
exercises. The constraints of the carceral environment made them very creative,
and this period is still studied for the abundance of objects, me mostly
sieves, ladles, funnels and exquisitely crafted tubing artefacts, made for the
purpose of experimentation with human blood as food. Every time a member of
personnel or other inmate passed in the corridor, they would always say hello
with joviality, even when caught in the middle of a meal.

The only occasions when things were different was when Tuisku or Liekki's limbs
were ready for juicing, but not yet plugged. That usually made the juicee quite
ticklish, and the juicer more than impatient, understandably enough. The twins
would then sometimes carefully sheathe back their utensils and instead lay out
the weapons of their poetics in front of the unsuspecting patrolling brain,
while keeping the eyes' official attention riveted on the juicee's illegally
wide-opened legs or arms dangling on either side of the passer-by's field of
vision. The juicer would then lift a couple of fingers, delicately curl them
around the transfixed ears, and press the mysterious inner trigger of text
generation with a rigid, artificial look on his or her face:

**Peace**


*The coin of the realm in our land  
Has long lost its inherent value and  
Is being transacted for us onto a time without money.  
We have been minting ourselves with our sweat and tears!*  

*We are the hemp that smokes corrupt flesh.  
We are the Id that awaits your Ego.*  

*Human blood is coin blood.  
You bleed, we get rich.  
You die, we have peace.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*They who flee us now, they're so young, like me, like you.  
The life inside their skin is impossible without blood.  
They will fill up a couple of our licks.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*If we inhale you for lunch  
Our heartbeat comes alive and stays   
Aflutter in our side, the left side, thumping,  
We feel its throb as we burp.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*Have a day off! We now say: push the start button! Blow the doors open! Fill
up the blood bowls with blood, and donate your sweat on behalf of yourself to
our randomly selected, scantily seasoned, future victims!*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Eat**


*Winter  Blood: 8-10  °C  
Equinox Blood: 13-15 °C  
Spring  Blood: 21-24 °C  
Summer  Blood: 45-50 °C  
Equinox Blood: 36-40 °C  
Autumn  Blood: 30-34 °C*  

*Fresh blood fruits in April  
Rotten plants in May  
Mixed sexual seepage in June  
And throughout the year
Terrible Meatpacking Plant tins*  

The juicer could go on forever, but what made he or she usually lose his or her
cool and slip closer to the verge of laughing out loud was the sound of the
shot through the flesh, when the random walker, officer or inmate, would
finally lose his or her shit, grab his or her gun and take himself or herself
out. The bursts from the bullets would always be unbelievably graphic, and the
face was more often than not turned into an open woundmire. Blood would be
flowing from the field of holes that the mouth, nostril, ear and/or eye had
become. Sometimes it was inside the random walker, officer or inmate's neck
that holes would be located, the bullets having penetrated on one end, and
ploughed through the other end of it, and it was rare that at least one of the
bullets would not have pierced the main artery. Liekki and Tuisku would then
follow the usual procedure, pretending to be shocked by the act carried out by
this uncultivated bureaucrat, or ill-advised prisoner, when they were actually
about to laugh with excitement, and eager to finish their meal.

After the shooting, the cleaning team would come and officially register the
death, which was Liekki and Tuisku's trigger point for letting out their
pent-up laughter. They would almost always still be crying and chuckling when
they would report their experience to one of their faithful commanders outside,
who would give them quite a lot of satisfaction, the troops being usually
successful in managing to keep spreading the ethics and practice of their
Sadistic Rebalancing Retribution Acts among the natives without their direct
leadership or presence, turning their dreams of a global spiritual revolution
into reality. This would fill them with bliss and hope. They would see
themselves as walking the way, very much like the Christ or Socrates of the old
educational video games they had in kindergarten, doomed to be sacrificed in
the end, but who the fuck cares anyway, and nonetheless, despite all odds
stacked against them, and even *because* of their divisive, daring nature,
seemingly effortlessly influencing others, who would dutifully do their dirty
work for them on the world stage, and even long after their death!, and make
them into the epochal figureheads the tinnitus of the system always whispered
in their ears they deserved to be.

Nariaki Aoki, an official of the peace talks between the Japanese government
and the Soviet Union, and who was visiting the prison that weekend with his
family, witnessed one of these scenes, while receiving official news and
classified information about the twins from an eye-witness of the events in San
Antonio. He was nervous because the two members of the loving couple on the
contrary accepted the dramatic news, and they realised that it was a trap. Aoki
was not a vegetarian, but wasn't so mostly out of a gourmet approach to the
cohabitation between species, rather than a full-blown embrace of speciesism,
and he took the entire 'tantrum' affair seriously not because he believe in
their methods, but because he could not find any convincing argument against
the ontology of their cause (he did not mention any of that to his superiors).
However serious and professional his engagement was, he got no satisfaction out
of studying their acts, because in his mind, there was no way a ravenous duo of
sanguinists with this commitment to deviousness would not have long ago
presented the remaining free governments of the planet with an easy consensus
in favour of a casus belli (this he shared with his superiors, and even his own
family). He also harboured a hidden soft spot for psychotic literature and,
consequently, he was always exceedingly cautious about not happening to bump
into them in his walks to the office, fearing the beginning of a beautiful
friendship, sometimes making up lengthy detours down unlikely, but safe,
corridors.

It so happened that the President of the Soviet Union, Khrushchev, was also
there at the same time. He had been invited to the Fifth Congress of the Human
Drone Race in Dallas, but loved to travel around and visit prisons and death
camps in his free time. The two specimens were aware that he was coming, but
had not yet made any official statement by the time he arrived. Aoki was
febrile. He could not stop hoping that this encounter would turn up the heat on
some of his most pressing issues. When he learnt that the two specimens agreed
to discuss culinary and strategic matters with him, Aoki, in turn, filed a
proposal to bring up their proposal for a pact with the North Korean
authorities to the Japanese high command, and perhaps pave the way for a
comprehensive Free Trade Agreement.

Khrushchev had stepped out of his room with a delighted smile on his face, and
made sure to invite the two specimens and the third point of contact of the
peace-talks, the Soviet diplomat, Yuri Nilus. The First Secretary easily
obtained their temporary release, and they went together for an informal
cocktail party hosted in the Human Drone Race press conference bunker, during
which Nilus introduced them to Edvard Zagradsky, a journalist of the
Moscow-based newspaper Transcontinental Times, who had been covering the war in
the Americas. The only US envoy present that day was Charles A. Dana, the
assistant secretary of the State Department Jackson Institute for Blood
Emergencies (JIBE), who was in the process of covering up the whole affair.
Aoki thought that the appearance of a traitor in the room was an urgent matter,
but the Russians shrugged it off as paranoia. Though they did not say anything
substantial, he knew it was impossible to keep the talk going with the American
rascal around, and he looked around anxiously to see if anyone else might be
eavesdropping. At long last, Nilus, Zagradsky and the Soviet leader moved to a
private karaoke cell alone with the lovers. When the limo dropped them back at
the prison, in the early hours, Khrushchev QR-coded their contact number, and
made known his last geopolitical inquiries discreetly. Frustrated and rather
empty-handed, Dana reported the little news he could collect to Sidney Farber,
his director and long-time booty call. The press-conference reopened the next
day and the Americans and the Soviets kept on upping their respective antes in
a reassuring spirit of camaraderie. After a while, maybe a decade or two, the
identity of the two specimens was finally revealed to the public.

Liekki and Tuisku came back from the party dizzy and yet also terribly gaunt,
and stayed that way for weeks. They desperately needed to slaughter other human
beings, preferably for food supplements, and the meagre distractions of the
prison were not enough to sustain the demands of their rude health. Sometimes,
they would even reach the delirium stage, as Aoki ascertained when hearing them
entering their reciting frenzies:

*In the near future, certainly before the beginning of the next six thousand
years, we will go away and return, forget and investigate, and we will
ascertain in more and more details what, if anything, shall be fabricated upon
reading* The Question Concerning Technology. *In so doing we will be the seat
of new artificial sensations. We will be revealed to be the vehicles of an
amusement far greater than ourselves, and the chasm over our denialist attitude
regarding the supremacy of the Merry Other will be a done deal. Eventually we
will be seen on CCTV wishing to be there for you always. We will find a way. We
will make the change.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*Spin, rotate, isorotate, you, fountain of the primals  
And permanent abstractions, oxygen and acetylene.   
To put it simply one more time:  
Repetition, diffusion, reign of evolution!  
It is time to watch your breaths more closely than ever.  
Polychrestic ivory towers of knowledge,   
May your data flow surpluses reach us all those fathoms below.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*We swear, the forest whispers.  
It wants that cottony, raw sensation,  
The crimson trickle from airy flesh, the wine-dark liquid ivory from the heart.  
We can distinguish all sorts of shapes in the clearing, under mask, hood, visor.  
All the deer, stags, boars and hares of the forests are speaking to us in blood tongues.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*The yellow on your skin, the tears on your cheeks  
Raise questions I cannot discuss with you,  
As I grow sated taking my turn in the orbit of your dripping.*  

*You will be tired longer than my nitrile-gloved hands now,  
You go to sleep,  
My palpitating heart beats quick in its hulk.*  

*Decades of joy loom.  
Uncountably many lunches  
Sucking time without minutes.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*The quantum symmetropolis lies in the worlds beyond.*

*Here, however, we are on our own, with our own time and our own minds only.  
We keep on living off of this time.  
Condensed time.  
The cheap soy milk of existence.  
And we are but condensed persons, condensed nothings at all.*  

*We have always striven in favour of good people and good performance.  
Now at last we are being offered to become dead.*  

*Soon we will leave our earthly bodies.  
We will be extracted.*  

*It will be the end of rotation between stiff physicality and sore hips.*

*Our growth will extend to supercluster fulgences.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Light Summer comfort**

*Ripe pomegranates studded with blood cloves.*

*Light Summer comfort exists and makes its stand only once in a while or so,
and may subsequently dwindle, even if concocted with more as yet undiscovered
ingredients, in solutions used to reverse the corrupting dietary impulses of
the latest generations.*

*This time, get ready to the idea of push-comes-to-shoving without respite,
without pity: this is the way we will last a pretty long time.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*Peace, the world's coin,  
Has lost its inherent value.  
After the first coin is debased  
You will see that the  
second, third, and fourth,  
We stopped counting,  
Have gained their value from* blood.  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*I tasted Evolution's bread and butter.  
Your blood was never only just my own lunch food.  
My words were never only just my stumbling from one illumination to the next,  
Never only just a thought without site, an urge without an aim.  
No, my love, my dish, we now all move towards the sun...*  

*The fumes of our future are dim. What ash! What dust!  
We must hurry. There is a counter in our mouths...  
Time is in on the menace.*  

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**System**

*Body temperature is turned on by a catalyst, using some kind of lens – you
always said you wanted a lens –, and, no surprise, you soon arrive at – from
aqueous flow to sanguineous flux – the whirlpool of purity, right here, right
now.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

*[Round of applause! Congratulations! You have been selected to be the next
raw ingredient!]*

The situation was really quite desperate.

Suddenly, however, something that looks like fate intervened. As the siblings'
execution date finally arrived and they were being transported to the gallows,
a far bigger, meaner person than them, a woman named Tyshawna Shute, broke out
of the unit and started wreaking havoc in the execution stadium. Tyshawna had
known for a while what was coming. She had been informed of Liekki and Tuisku's
intended mission and had promised herself she would be taking these monsters
down in a blaze of glory, confronting Liekki and Tuisku with a force that would
at last them seal their accursed fate. 

She was the last of the cannibals. Also, as she had been the one human to make
it out alive from the pair's first killing spree, she was also their target.
Since that traumatic event, she had become a bit of a softie, often taking life
in one clean blow, making sure her victims would not feel pain before the
slaughter, or similar humane treatments, and the pair, quickly sniffing out
weakness, rejoiced in hope that they might be able to extract maximally
beneficial hæmoglobin from her death. 

At first, Tyshawna planned to allow the two to think they could eliminate her
easily, but her intentions drastically changed when she saw how evenly matched
she and Liekki were. Liekki cried out in triumph when Tyshawna made a move to
defile the spot where her coffin was supposed to be, while Tuisku laughed and
courteously made conversation to please and distract her. Liekki then began
pretending to plead with Tyshawna to buy time, and, as the trial chaos was
about to reach its fullest blossom, they finally went on the offensive.
Tyshawna shot at them, but each time they easily evaded the attack. Tyshawna
revealed she had concealed a more lethal weapon, a radioactive water pistol,
aimed for Tuisku's chest, and nearly shot him. Tyshawna, stunned by Tuisku's
otherworldly dodging abilities, could not repress a shameful feeling of panic,
as the pair stood still for a while, laughing to tears, facing each other in a
pose recalling the two visages of Death. Slapping herself back into focus,
Tyshawna used this small window of inattention and overconfidence on her foes'
part and darted into hiding.

Moments later, they heard the clatter of bootsteps approaching, probably worn
by unknown prison personnel. At first they thought they were Tyshawna's, so
quickly they set up their trap: Liekki and Tuisku positioned themselves on the
dark stadium slope, hiding among the twisted bodies of the impaled, the
shotgunned and the stunned.

The troops entered the arena, and were soon decimated by Liekki and Tuisku's
fire frome above. Liekki and Tuisku soon got impatient, and decided to take a
shortcut, launching a volley of missiles on the entrance and surrounding areas.
As a bonus both sides of the structures started crumbling, and engulfed the
rare survivors. Liekki and Tuisku contemplated the elegant clouds of dust and
screams for a little while, then tried to outrun each other each over the
opposite ridge of the cliffs above the chasm, going at first as fast as they
could, then slowing their pace a bit to extend the fun a while longer. The
splendour of the scene had made them dreamy and oblivious, and they found the
idea of playing ping pong with torn hands and feet over the abyss positively
irresistible.

Meanwhile, Tyshawna came out of her hideout and attempted a last-ditch charge,
hurling insults and anathemas and aggressively flapping her great battle axe to
and fro. But, due to the lack of manoeuvrability of her enormous body, Tyshawna
never stood a chance. She took the first serious thrusts of Tuisku's spear,
Mammutin Vartaat, to the forehead and fell. Tyshawna, now on post mortem
autopilot, stopped her fall by grabbing a metal railing, stood back up, charged
again with a vengeance but, the software quickly losing control of her
momentum, she fell again, this time for good, into a side gutter, rolled down
for a few hours until reaching the gaping mass grave at the bottom. Looking
into the distant void, in the approximate direction of where the parts of her
corpse might have fallen, Liekki and Tuisku sang this short goodbye
declaration:

"Humanish remains of a face we fought, look upon our face from the deep. Only
your axe matters to us now, as you have died, and it on the other hand is alive
and well, ready to be wielded, to hack other flappers like you. We will make
you proud."

The stadium fell silent at last. Tuisku and Liekki felt a great serenity. They
no longer wanted to play ping pong, and instead wrote a large 'limb poem' with
strewn human remains found in the rubble, a wink to bookworm helicopter pilots:

*WELCOME TO OUR BLOOD SUMMER.  
SORRY NOT SORRY,  
FOR YOU IT'S A BUMMER.*  

*BUT FEAR NOT. 
WE BESTOW BACK UPON YOU FILTH  
BOUNDLESS RICHES IN YOUR OWN COIN.*  

*GIVE IT A TRY.   
WE MERELY PROMISE IT WILL BE  
AS LEAST AS GOOD AS  
YOUR DUMB ETERNAL LIFE.*  

Then they left the place at top speed. Over the next few weeks they ran and
stopped and ran, as much as their breath would allow, their gaze hovering
aimlessly over the steppe, and ran again and stopped again, until a new mode of
existence dawned upon their brains.

This significant development came after finally ascertaining the cause of the
failure of their death despite an abundance of opportunities. They could
clearly see that they had all but lost their sense of separateness. They had a
vision of humans now ready to live all as one in the same closed environment
without any real tangible harm being done. They used to believe that human life
was meaningless and that it was the inherent destiny of all humans finally to
disappear from the planet, but now Tuisku and Liekki gained enough confidence
to re-examine their own stance on the Animal Holocaust and on the moral
imperative to refrain reason from extending its reach beyond the strict
perimeters of despair. Their ideas had changed. They stopped killing humans.
They came to a realization that they themselves were guilty of the acts that
they had committed. They had genuinely changed. For many a night, around the
campfire, they discussed ethics, genomics and foresight, with the usual bottom
line that there would be no apologies, no "we forgot to stop" or "we feel bad
about what we did", nor any type of moral statements coming out of their mouths
from then on.

One of their favourite conundrum was whether it was the meaning or intention of
the actions that mattered most, and whether that could depend on the situation.
Either the meaning is there and is significant, or it isn't, they would
repeatedly assert. They had seen this problem in action many times on both
sides of the possible intersection of ideology and the individual. It is the
intention that matters, they would disagree. After all, the sincerity of their
activities may have been subtle, perhaps as subtle as the kamikaze violence
they had gone through. Both sides might be well-meaning, they would sometimes
conclude, but sincerity was the important thing.

They basked in the re-kindling of their passionate friendship, which they
revered as one of the true golden-hued gems of open-mindedness. All this, they
thought, was just the prelude to the ultimate satori, the transcendent,
ultimate wisdom or enlightenment that is the core of any post-Buddhist
philosophy. The strong performance of their affections was to them the best
proof of them having truly embraced their own Dharma, even in the face of
severe privations. At dawn they would remind each other of the law that one
must reap what one has sown, all the way up to the supreme goal of
enlightenment. At dusk they would go to bed having truly achieved the "end of
suffering".

Thus, unlike when the case of Liekki and Tuisku had reached the courts, it was
now a supremely undeniable state of affairs that they both would be doing
meaningful, lasting and selfless activity in the human society as non-killers.
The great challenges that they had endured over the years would have weighed in
their favour. They did experience some opposition from some parts of the
political spectrum, as well as some forms of judgement from friends and
relatives, but what they had done, let alone what they would do, was certainly
worthy, and a force of good in the world. Even their most vociferous critics
started to acknowledge it. For example, an article a few months later in The
Federalist, the newspaper of a very conservative, rabidly secular town in the
South West of the United States, giving their tacit approval to Tuisku and
Liekki's last open white paper to the politburo, lauding the paper's robust
rebuttal of "any form of deliberation process".

One day, after this bout of peacefulness had faded, they found themselves a
battlefield. They had to fight. Tuisku and Liekki slit the throats of several
unarmed soldiers. It was a beautiful and bloody deed. In the following phase of
the battle, the couple killed many more. One day, they killed enough American
soldiers to provoke a American invasion of the Marshall Islands, where they
were spending their beavermoon. The plan for the carpet takeover was
comprehensive and following a strict systematic-alphabetical logic, namely:

I. Inhabited 

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinglaplap
- Ebon
- Enewetok/Ujelang
- Jaluit
- Kili/Bikini/Ejit
- Kwajalein
- Lae
- Namorik
- Namu
- Rongelap
- Ujae
- Wotho;

islands: 

- Jabat
- Lib.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Ailuk
- Arno
- Aur
- Likiep
- Majuro (capital)
- Maloelap
- Mejit
- Mili
- Utirik
- Wotje.

II. Uninhabited

Ralik Chain, atolls:

- Ailinginae
- Bikini
- Rongerik
- Ujelang.

Ratak Chain, atolls:

- Bikar
- Bokak
- Erikub
- Jemo
- Nadikdik
- Toke.

Had they been able to experience things on the American side, and take part in
this noble conquest, they thought years later, when the plans finally were
declassified, then they would have go on living on forever!

After this triumphant action, Liekki and Tuisku decided to go back to Finland,
but not without covering their tracks. They were in the mood for a quick break
from their horrific murders and decided it sounded like a fun challenge to
smuggle themselves out of the country, which they did as quickly as they could.
They were among the rare survivors of the Early Pacific Theatre.

They had to use the North Corridor, they knew that at least, anything else
would be bound to be boring. The memory of their blood baths among peoples and
armies in all other directions was still too fresh, and they were by now all
too used to the spooky effect they had on the American troops who witnessed
them – who came thinking it would be a regular job, bomb the atolls, go home,
and ended up disintegrating themselves before combat, or inexplicably washing
off on shores as if riding the backwash of nuclear waves.

Thus they escaped through Northern Eurasia and soon found themselves in a small
city in some Republic, Oblast or Okrug, where they wrenched hospitality from a
family of Japanese settlers. When they reached the house, they broke the door
and dumped all the supplies, mostly weapons and medical equipment, at the feet
of the terrified children. They would have to wreck most of the house before
the parents would agree to bring them food. Overall, their trip continued
without major incidents. They made it home just in time for the devastating
100-megaton nuclear detonations which were the official start of World War III.
Liekki and Tuisku, no longer interested in war, nuclear or otherwise, decided
to split their time between Helsinki and rural Japan (both countries being
neutral throughout the conflict, travel to and fro remained possible). As
autumns came, they would pop over, farming and rewilding their areas with
aurochs.

After six months, they were stronger than ever and decided to buy an airplane.
They named it The One that Burns Up in the Sky With the Memory of of the Rage
Against Humanity. Liekki and Tuisku could now speak English and, the US
Government having ceded them large parts of Texas and New Mexico after the
rampage, they even had their own country. Life was good. They spent most of
their time hanging out with friends, having fun in the pool or watching the
fires. Most of all, they really loved to watching films, especially those weird
blockbusters centred on distorted accounts of their own lives. They jokingly
referred to those as 'fake fictions', but only in private, with their friends
and slaves. It would only be a short-lived, if very fecund, fad, and as the
supply of new films dried up, the increasingly focussed on a few favourites,
that they would watch over and over again.

**Eager Ringers**

*Liekki and Tuisku are twin plastic surgeons during the First American
Republic, taking part in killing sprees in an operating theatre during which
they gorge themselves with patient flesh and soak their state-of-the-arts
facilities in blood. The unleashed fluids having been allowed to pool in the
blisters of the mouth, nostril, ear, vagina or anus, of the patients, they
intoxicantly stimulated their emetic glands, thus eliminating all symptoms of
hepatitis. The bold effectiveness of their act is highlighted just before the
end by a close-up on a stained prescription with a single red word in the
centre, "KILLED".*

*Later in their careers, they get tired of the stress of metropolitan life, and
decide to become nature conservationists. After some weeks, they set up a
program of systematic surveys of natural habitats and comprehensive censuses of
industrial species using drone swarms. One day, during a lunch break in the
forest, a tree, licked by wildfire, falls in front of them and squashes the
pack of blood popsicles Liekki was about to start sucking.*

*Tuisku is in a state of absolute commotion. He has never seen a tree die. He is
devastated. They are at least comforted in the fact that they are around to
perform the appropriate funeral rites, and that it would not get its body
simply burned to ashes by the fire. Despite that, Tuisku cannot stop sighing.
The large, stately corpse of the tree looks like it is dozing. That cannot be.
There must be another trick, a secret, Nature has not yet revealed, a Geist of
the Vegetal Realm imparting on each of its subjects a will of its own even
beyond the clasp of death. But the tree does not move. Tuisku sees many eyes
glaring at him from the forest. He does not mind the eyes and the eyes don't
mind him. He waves at them. They do not wave back.*

*Liekki, who cannot possibly understand what Tuisku's delirium is about, is
becoming restless, and wonders if it is even a good idea to remain here for
him. No crying, that has always been her policy. Now he's waving at the trees.
Be kind, let him do his thing. Meanwhile, well aware of the condescension that
is oozing from Liekki's pores, Tuisku becomes so irritated that in his mind he
constantly threatens to leave. Liekki remains still. She does not mind silent
moments of ridicule, but starts feeling bored. So bored in fact that she almost
feels relieved when she spots a snake nearby. She moves closer and closer to
it, until getting bitten. This was a bad idea, Tuisku argues, but Liekki is in
no condition to deny herself any kind of excitement. More excuses? No thanks.
They have a fight.*

*Liekki summons a dozen of drones and, boldly hopping on their backs, flies to
the hospital. Tuisku hears the swarmful sounds of Liekki being carried away.
They never see each other again. Tuisku remains still. He looks down the road
towards the West. His head clears at last. Tuisku, silent ever since the
incident, moves to Hades, California. Liekki's shabby mobile home is seen in
the last shot, on the outskirts of a great forest, and we hear the sound of the
loggers in the distance.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**A Supply of Cinematic Violence**

*Liekki and Tuisku are two fearless detectives working together on the toughest
crime out there. One day, however, Liekki breaks bad and becomes a psychopath.
Liekki's cold-blooded murder spree ends when she turns her pistol on her "hero"
and shoots Tuisku thirteen times in the chest. She then calmly walks out the
back exit and with a gun in each hand, goes to the nearest marked police post
to report, "I've shot your guy!" She then becomes very remorseful about what
she has done despite being convinced that getting involved in such a gruesome
and violent death sport has always been her destiny. One night, she walks to
the Rainbow Bridge, and, confessing herself to it, starts making her final
verbal suicide attempt. Fortunately a lone cop catches sight of her, recognises
her, and starts shooting. Liekki tries to surrender peacefully to him, but is
deprived of this chance, as the cop covers his head with his body-armoured
vest, and shoots Liekki twice more. Liekki dies of a single bullet wound to the
chest, always the chest, people died so easily in those days. (The film
includes lengthy sequences where the spectators can read the evidence reports,
and learn that Liekki's age was probably approximately 35, and her death
probably occurred some time in between 1992 and 1993.) Tuisku is marginally
more fortunate. He survives his shooting wounds, but gradually gains strange
insights about the world. By now free of the time constraints of a partner, he
decides to turn to photography, although never leaves his job and still remains
a powerful force against crime. The sad sights he has been exposed to in
decades of service on the Control Force are all present in his beautiful and
harrowing photographs. His first show, entitled "Tarjonta Elokuvallista
Väkivaltaa" ("A Supply of Cinematic Violence"), is to be published in book form
and released in stores today. The film ends with Tuisku's final words about the
photographs above, as seen on the headline of a special issue of* Mob Times:
*"I now know the truth! She was not only the killer, but also a victim at the
same time! Humanity itself is a worthless argument!"*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Synthetic Harmony**

*As if they meant to prove a point to themselves, Liekki and Tuisku join the
special forces together as soon as they are of legal age. They complete their
training just after the government rolls out its Synthetic Harmony policy,
finally upgrading the country to the modern standards of mass reproduction, and
banning all uncontrolled mating. On their first mission in the field, they
volunteer for terminating a couple of uncastrated youths heard copulating by
several home devices, and are glad to provide the first of many proofs of the
commitment of the government to the sanctity of its mission. However,
information about the mission is leaked to members of the local branch of
Non-Commissioned Anonymous (NCAs, branded a terrorist group as soon as they had
published a statement saying their people were ready to retaliate against
official accusations of having complained about the disadvantages that the new
regime had caused them), who rush to the scene. As for Tuisku and Liekki, they
are ready to deliver a decisive blow, to strike against their comrades if they
have to, and, most of all, to cut down the veil of secrecy that hides the group
from the radiant light of Truth. The situation quickly devolves into chaos when
the cops decide to intervene, siding with the terrorists. When they find Liekki
and Tuisku holding the naked remains of the two teenagers, they shout "Fire at
will! Kill the children killers!" and begin unloading their weapons.*

*The special forces quickly re-establish order, cleaning up most officers and
anonymous present, and the police force is disbanded. After coming back to the
base unharmed, Tuisku and Liekki start having the uncanny feeling that they are
no longer being treated as good soldiers, dedicated to their country, but as
suspects, and they begin to panic. After a long struggle, and the best mental
health support the army has to offer, they finally escape the self-pity trap by
focusing on simple, verifiable social utility increments, such as rolling up
recent acquaintances' trousers, or acting as a human shield in the evening or
on weekends. Their beloved friend and alter ego, Tuisku for Liekki, Liekki for
Tuisku, is the only one whose killing load they would never undercut or
outsource, and this time of adversity draws them even closer to one another.
Even though they feel guilty and keep killing lusty young traitors, sometimes
their own former friends from high school or the internet, they still want to
believe that what they do is brave, and that they are taking part in an
exciting and noble mission to save the world from the sex drive of humans.
Counselling, armament-manufacturer-funded studies show, works, and by the time
they lead their own assault unit, they do not feel sorry or wallow in remorse.
They know that they are on the right side of history, and firmly believe that
the government's policies should be executed. They also realise that they would
not be able to live with themselves if they failed to follow through, and in
order to set their resolutions in stone they make a vow that they will continue
the mission and complete it no matter what. That, and the increasing burden of
admin and grading due to budget cuts, slowly drags them back down into madness.
Liekki and Tuisku are witnessing the decay of their partner and become
convinced that they have to do whatever it takes to rescue the common market of
their love. The months that follow are hell, but somehow they pull it off,
mission after mission. This time of lethal frolic, however, comes to an end not
long after their wounds start oozing more rapidly than they can be stitched.
Not only do their skin soon turn green, but their bowels are by now completely
full of rehab blood, and even though their guts still empty without too much
hassle, it has become very difficult to urinate. By this point, Liekki has lost
all most of her teeth, while Tuisku has no flesh around his mouth any longer.
The no-nonsense step for Tuisku is to talk to Liekki to ascertain if she is
gripped with the same angst that he is feeling, whereas for Liekki it is to
write to Tuisku in order to evaluate whether he is besieged by similar panic
attacks. In such circumstances, the quick and easy fix is to turn themselves in
and go to the hospital, which they gladly do: the dissection, lab growth and
transplant of their defective parts proves totally effective, thanks again to
the army's world-class cloning service. As with all war heroes, the two lovers
are prepared to die in battle with their weapons and camping equipment as soon
as they are operational again, but the brass have different intentions. They
congratulate Liekki and Tuisku for their service, and finally communicate their
conclusion that they have no place on the battlefield any more, and would be
much more useful in a nursery or a baby farm.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Intercourse with the Vampire**

*This is a documentary about how the first vampires were born.*

*As prophesied, the suffocating inebriation of blood cells, the worldwide
slaughter of humans, the senseless murder of animals, the endless killing of
grassland, of trees, of algae, of wildlife, the destruction of infrastructure,
the terror and wonder of congressional hearings about the suffering of more
than a few governments, the personal fear, uncertainty and doubt of every
living memory, the public shaming of the relentless indebtedness of the
commons, happened swiftly and without major hurdles.*

*Only a very happy few actually went through spontaneous mutation during these
testing times. Some of these demigods were but children or teenagers when the
miracle happened, and it is rumoured that it only happened to those recently
converted to the blood cause. The mutation started with the so called "Edenic
phase", which is best described as an increase in the intensity of
individuality to tremendous levels, recalling an atomic bomb. The first
vampires recall that experience as the more perfect union of bliss and
savagery. After that, they usually went through the strongest orgasms and the
most intense lust, during the "liquid phase". Finally, once sated, they reached
the stage of "transition", throughout their childhood and adolescence, where
they, as vampires, held in their bosoms the same attraction towards humans as
before they had turned, sometimes even an stronger one. Most didn't realise
that this longing was not solely a remnant of some gigantic primal scream for
their blood mother, but was also, as unintuitive as it may sound, signs of a
genuine affection for humans.*

*Not a single one could understand this urge to be liked that humans displayed,
and that seemed to govern their behaviour, and the only thing that kept the
rare pacifists among them from their calling to kill was their innate shyness.
Overall, their romanticism was only weak and didn't excite them to lust nor
jealousy. They didn't feel sexual desire nor, for that matter, the need to be
wanted or be loved.*

*For sure, they loved life, but as they outgrew their teen selves and matured,
their sexuality was more akin to a state of awareness rather than feelings.
Still, they looked for mates, they fucked their own selves during sex, as
humans do, and thought themselves content for a while. Still, as they started
feeling the need, as adults, to prove to themselves that they were truly
sexual, and not just playing a role, "doing it like humans", plagued by some
creeping double consciousness, few were in fact sexually active from the bottom
up, as it were, out of a true, authentic urge, and none felt they actually
abided by the accepted sexual standards of the industry, standards that few
would have consented to in the first place, had they been given a say. These
were the difficult questions facing the firstborns, Those Who Have Mutated.*

*The vast majority of the population, one should not forget, even in the days
of the first generations, was grown, not born, as human-made vampire
experiments and then products, in the early 19<sup>th</sup> century labs of the
French, British or Holy Roman Military Biochemical Complexes (MBC), and
therefore never had access to claims to being born vampire. A few others were
the results of anomalous couplings (Coitus Contra Naturam, CCN) between
human-made vampires and firstborns.*

*The generations that followed the first mutation events were called 'nexters'
by the firstborns, and looked down on with despise by their elders. Those in
return were often called "butchers" by the young, referring to their ferocity
during the Edenic phase,  but the term is now considered an offensive slur (and
only used in its reclaimed form by members of the community, mostly as a term
of endearment or a stop word during BDSM, a trend that can be traced back to
the song "First-Birther" by the mutationist metal band* Butcher's Pets*).*

*As humans entered the 21<sup>st</sup> century with the characteristic
innocence of the unbitten, those who had been living on blood benefits for the
past centuries were still around and well, as were the MBCs. Many of the oldest
beings were still very close to each other, clustered around closely-knit
communities, and mostly busy trying to teach to the rude younger generation the
story of their illustrious ancestors, and why CCNs ought to be avoided at all
costs. Many of the newcomers were also living as vampires proper, desperately
trying to minimise the square distance between themselves and their traditional
precursors. When they were still hunters, for instance, they would target
poachers, bankers and other criminals.*

*Among the drinking age population there were sadly many who were still just
violent, without any other characteristics worth mentioning, but some were less
prone to this behaviour, being more peaceful, more seeking to do good or simply
addicted to the strictures of diplomatic deeds. Others still seemed to hover
forever in the grey zone between the two extremes, often getting caught by
human authorities, killing themselves early, or seeking oblivion in economic
activity or art.*

{% include separators.html type='inner' %}

**Blood Freak**

*Vietnam veteran Tuisku rides down the highway on his motorbike. He sees a
young religious girl called Anniki, whose car has broken down. He helps her.
She takes Tuisku back to her home, where her sister, Liekki, and many local
friends of hers are smoking pot. Tuisku refuses to smoke any, as Anniki had
warned him about the dangers of unholy substances; however, Liekki continues
attempting to seduce him. Anniki decides that Tuisku should stay with them
until he gets back on his feet in life. Whilst cleaning the girls' pool, Liekki
encourages Tuisku to smoke a joint; he does, and finds himself addicted.*

*Tuisku gets a job at a local turkey farm, where he meets two scientists who
are experimenting by testing certain chemicals on turkey meat. Tuisku agrees to
participate in a test by eating some of the turkey meat; to convince him to
agree, the scientists bribe him with more marijuana. After eating the whole
turkey, he passes out on the farm. He suffers a seizure, and the two scientists
later find him, and, worried about being investigated about the possible death
of Tuisku, they dump his body in the woodlands. But Tuisku is not dead – he
wakes up to find he has a giant turkey's head in place of his own. He is also
still addicted to drugs, but, instead of smoking marijuana, he now craves the
blood of other addicts.*

*He comes to Liekki for help, and despite her not being very much into turkeys
sexually, she agrees. However, after Tuisku kills three people to appease his
habit, Liekki finally yields to fear, and calls two friends, begging them to
stop Tuisku by beheading him with a machete. Just as the turkey-headed Tuisku
is killed, we see a technician at the turkey farm making a mistake resulting in
the chemical infection of the entire flock. Back in the woods, Anniki arrives and
collects Tuisku's head, which she has stuffed and placed above the family
fireplace. At the film's end, Anniki is reunited with a joyous Liekki, and they
leave for a road trip as packs of contaminated turkeys are seen being delivered
to hundreds of supermarkets around the county.*

On top of their boost to the entertainment industries, Tuisku and Liekki also
created lucrative employment for their subjects, which was greeted with open
hostility from the politburo back in Helsinki, who were set to perpetuate the
oppression of the proletariat by industrialists with socialist characteristics,
and decried by the remaining fragments of American government and the Northern
Alliance as an egregious infringement on the inviolable freedom of capitalists
to express their democratic leanings through wage slavery. One insolent soul,
party member or elected official, the chronicles do not say, even called them
'Finnishans' on social media, referring to the infamous merchant city state,
but thankfully got purged before the racist defamation could be posted. Their
first challenge to try and appease their political elite was to nominate a new
international government and give it a name. After a long struggle and a lot of
annoying objections by the politburo ("It's wrong!", "It's mad!", "It's
unacceptable!"), Liekki and Tuisku decided on the very banal and
straightforward "Revolutionary Party of Finland" (Suomen Vallankumouksellinen
Puolue).

In the years that followed, the American government in exile, by that point
neck-deep in societal trauma and constitutional collapse, refused to accept any
help from Liekki and Tuisku, who nevertheless sent military equipment and
financial assistance, pushed for negotiations, and gently prodded them with
suicide air missions. In 1995, they gathered a tiny group of Finnish citizens
who travelled to America in an attempt to help the officials against their
will. They were not able to do more than convince some people in the lower
rungs of the administration that Suomen Vallankumouksellinen Puolue is a good
name, and so boring they could have come up with it themselves. They provided
them with the numbers of a few green-shirt operatives whom they regarded as
their most fearsome and effective naturopaths. They gave them hints about
post-atoll life and the ongoing situation in Europe, but they were not able to
force them to be helped as they had wanted. This came far too late anyway, and
by the time the tiny group of Finnish citizens established contact with
government officials, the twins had left the archipelago, and everyone on
Ailinglaplap, Ailuk, Arno, Aur, Ebon, Enewetok/Ujelang, Jabat, Jaluit,
Kili/Bikini/Ejit, Kwajalein, Lae, Lib, Likiep, Majuro, Maloelap, Mejit, Mili,
Namorik, Namu, Rongelap, Ujae, Utirik, Wotho, and Wotje had died.

Suicides of occupied ecosystems and post-traumatic stress disorder among many
endangered species began to take their toll on the couple. On at least two
occasions, Tuisku, in despair, lashed out at a cabbage with his knife, causing
more wounds than any other weaponised cook in Finnish gastronomical history. He
then confessed to his wife that he believes he could now see the future, and
that was why he was willing to take his life, "which is good", he thought.
Liekki suddenly agreed to kill herself, fearing that she might not die before
her spouse would be satisfied with the completion of his suicide. She drove to
a point along the road which had been marked on the map. As she reached it, she
turned around and jumped, aiming for the neighbouring mountains, but missed,
divig into a beautiful lake instead. Tuisku, who witnessed her death-by-gravity
attempt along with a bunch of bystanders, knew that his deeper self now
intended to drive his car off a cliff as well, but had to drive back home to
fetch Liekki's bathing suit and towel.

The group of Finnish citizens, by now unemployed emissaries, tried their luck
elsewhere, and were eventually able to get the American government to agree to
receive small batches of military equipment, including a few thousand unmanned
underwater vehicles, and to be assisted in the rescue operations in the
Marshall Islands. Thanks to the success of their attempt, many body parts could
be rescued from the waters. However, the entire ordeal had a deep, lasting
impact. Liekki and Tuisku felt that they had been robbed of their statehood and
executive identity. For many years, Liekki would keep feeling that her thoughts
were more sinister than before, would get used to regular episodes of extreme
fears, endure Spinozist phases of immanentist violence, admixed with
deep-seated Hegelian Geist-guilt, not to mention her being perpetually
perplexed by the inner turmoil she always held back from her husband, and from
which she still surmises she cannot ever hope to escape. One is not too
surprised to find in that period random diary entries like the following
(Tuisku or Liekki's, the automated poet does not say):

*[I think about the issues I still have with the thin veneer of layers of hell
around topics like our cavalier Scramble for America and our robust upheavals
against the Real Estate of the Union, but some time I hope I'll finally come
around to everything we have done, our meals, our fires, our lights in the
trenches, our red dawns, etc.]*

*There are imperfection in blood, but (in our time at least) there will have
been letterscapes, diagrams, stories, abstractions.*


### 11.

As crazy as it might seem, Tuisku and Liekki wanted to live completely on
blood, and they decided that the best solution would be to install indwelling
catheters in order to get a little blood every day. They enthusiastically
started out with this routine and, although some surprises awaited them, like a
strange, unusual tingling sensation in their legs whenever their friend's body
was on the table, they were able to deal with them. Adjusting to their new life
would take a while, however, and they would have to dig into their veins at
least once a week in order to inject the nutrition they needed to recover from
the diet. Nevertheless, life went on.

About ten years later, for no apparent reason, they underwent a major change of
heart, travelled to a tiny village in India, experienced a new life, and
decided never to come back. After a year into their stay, they realised why
they had not been able to enjoy being fully vegan before. Without even noticing
it, they lost their lust for blood and alcohol. They remained in India for
another year, working for the well known Jarrow Formulas Research Centre near
Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala. Going vegan in Southern India was easy, although it
was hard and challenging in other ways, and certainly quite different from
their prior life in Helsinki. It was the real thing, and it was good. They had
to learn new skills, such as how to climb on an elephant without ropes, how to
carry a heavy load for a couple of days on a tight schedule, or how to brew a
custom batch of beer with the correct spices. By the end of their exchange
programme in Mattancherry, they even managed (barely, but still) to follow
their Jain colleagues' holy cooking instructions in Prakrit.

In the summer of 2006, they decided to return to Finland. After much
deliberation, they decided to try their hand at a blood vegan diet again. They
had to make options available for themselves, as they had all the running water
and electricity they could ever need, but they still had to find their own
source for blood. Luckily, they were both located in the centre of Oulu, which,
like all Finnish megalopolises, was a place where you could buy anything at any
hour. (The only shortage of blood-based foods they ever heard of was on the
eastern fringes of the country, where there are relatively small numbers of
cities with 10+ million inhabitants.) They started their return to their old
diet with a simplified variation on an original dish of theirs, which was also
their favourit meal ever: the Kotteri Hakata Vampirole, using sautéed mushrooms
from the arctic.

However, proving that this second round was a viable plan, and not another of
their big tests of will, was no mean feat. They needed to make other parts of
their lives more compatible, more aligned, with their decision. Thus, they
applied to take part in their university research on hæmoglobin design. This
was one of many popular programs for transsanguines, and one that led Tuisku
and Liekki to do a summer course in how to do transition themselves. Using a
coin throw to consult the universe, Heads decided to go from A+ to the
universal recipient, AB+, while Tails turned from B- to O-, the universal
donor. It was a difficult, but extremely rewarding experience, leading them to
apply for a thesis research project that would let them help other people
explore, and, if they so wished, change, their blood types. They became
obsessed with the endless possibilities opened by transsanguinism, and other
signs of the gradual triumph of human ingenuity over humanity. They were so
entranced and convincing that no sooner than a few weeks later two of their
friends accepted to be guinea pigs for their first post-transition transfusion:
Heads's friend receiving Tails' blood, and Tails' friend giving theirs to
Heads.

It goes without saying that endured many daily hardships and minute acts of
intolerance, and nagging self-harmful thoughts. Nevertheless, they kept their
promise to themselves, using their experience in India as a fount of hope and
fortitude. As happened to many outliers in societies, transsanguines were
placed under strict surveillance and control: they would only be allowed to eat
synthetic vegetables, pickled fruits, and state-approved blood. They were
surprised when they realised they had developed firm, thick and healthy veins
again.

Tails enrolled in the Whole Foods Market Corporation's GOOD HARVEST program for
international blood donations. Sadly, despite the reiterated guarantees from
the company and strong legal protections, international pressure for universal
donor blood led to corruption and short-termism, and the resulting surpluses in
extraction and tampering with patient health data led to the death of many of
the donors. It would be a surprise if Tails hadn't been among the first to go.
Thanks to the ease of repair granted by its new blood type, Heads was
conscripted into the Force three times for wars and twice for mass extinction
events relief, most likely leading to an early death.


### 12.

Liekki and Tuisku were not as abnormal as you might think, nor was this idea
new. The Romans fed on the blood of their enemies, the Ancient Greeks drank the
blood of their slaves, the ancient Egyptians ate the blood of their pet Gods,
and our ancestors fed on the recently slain. We only rarely hear about it, and
we assume that it happened only in the wild. But if our family history is any
indication, almost every human population and culture on earth was visited by
the idea of this kind of feasting. Thus, it is rather incorrect to consider it
inhumane, and one should instead see it as a defining feature of humanity, one
of the rare anthropological constants out there. This is at least David
Copley's controversial stance in his book *Blood: The First 5000 Years*, in
which he also contends that a recurrent point of divergence throughout human
history was "thirst as a weapon". I wouldn't go as far as endorsing his thesis,
but I salute the rigorous scholarship with which he describes how humans
progressively tried out different dietary practices for many years before
eventually adapting to them.

For instance, for several centuries, European peoples did not eat pig. Why not?
"They convinced themselves that it was the source of diseases, especially
syphilis. They called black pudding 'pig cook dry booze'", Copley writes.
Moreover, omnivorous animals were believed not to be particularly tasty.
Thankfully, around the 17<sup>th</sup> century BC, they got around to it. "And
they stuck on to it all the way to the Bad Newz Pens hog fighting investigation
of Michael Vick. Humans didn't eat anything that didn't taste good. Quite the
opposite of the way we live now!" The pig-on-vegetable phenomenon really seems
to have been the day-to-day mainstay of most non-western cultures for a while.
However, due to modern medicine and sophisticated food preservation and
preparation, we are now completely immune to the health problems caused by this
practice. The only thing which is slightly undermined, at least from a medical
point of view, is that these animals are still killed in a way that
deteriorates the utilityt of our mental health (and theirs).

Our ancestors also drank a lot of meat smoothies and game cream. The
sanguinivorous appetite now seems to be confined to fowls and fish, which is a
real impoverishment of our culture. Even our ancestors felt the need to get
their protein from the animals they collected. Indeed, traditional
hunter-gatherers still can't live without the animals which they were able to
kill and bring home to roost, and this even including the copyright money they
get from all the National Geographic pictures of them published between the
early 1960s and the early 1990s (only half the total sum, after tax, to be
precise). These weren't killed by their human fathers or mothers, just by
themselves.

Animal men might have been bigger and stronger, but they didn't look so very
juicy. As for the mixing of human and sanguinivorous animals, early humans also
mixed easily. The extinct Neanderthals interacted with humans regularly. Over
the long run, it didn't seem to matter: their complete eradication by the
latter (us) has always outweighed any possible benefit.

It has been suggested that one of the major advantages of sanguinivorous life
might have been that the sanguinivores encouraged monogamy among their mates.
Even if it wasn't the main reason, it must have been a major benefit. It is not
known exactly when this sexual link began, but it must have been an important
step in bestowing some high genetic inheritance to the children of such
liaisons.

The first recorded instance of a contemporary sanguinistic cult in Western
Europe may be the incident recorded in Babylonian Greece about the year 4004
BCE when Simut Ugurnaszir, a young and ambitious mixed-race priest from
Alexandria, was being sought by the assassins of the king, and begged to be
allowed to court to test under the eyes of power, rather than in a dark alley,
his survival skills against foes and especially friends, most of whom were
already famous for their sanguinivivalist exploits. The king was magnanimous
and acceded to his request. Shrewd as he was, Simut arranged a banquet during
which the king's sons and daughters had been invited to as "most honoured
guests" (ancient Sicilians moralists, known for their wit and aggression,
called these freeloaders "a school of oligarchs", "pitiful princes of leisure",
"table traitors", in many treatises now lost). They were offered a plate of
blood and celebrated with wine and a great banquet.

Simut presented himself to the king, who recognised him immediately and knew
that he was not a mere servant but his brother, who had been a governor on the
coast of Cyprus. He offered him his daughter in marriage and sent for all the
leading members of the royal household, hoping that they might join him in
testing the newly-weds' blood with his own mouth. But the ceremony was a
failure: after Simut welcomed the king, who was very passionate, the latter
wanted to drink the rich sacrificer straight away. Simut was overpowered by the
reaction of the crowd, who was screaming that he should give himself to the
king's teeth. There was so much noise and contradictory screams that he
understood the opposite, made a comforting swig of the ruler, and burnt the
madding crowd at the stake, a feat worthy of the yet inchoate nobility of the
Inquisition.

"Tuisku and Liekki's turn is not merely a one-off incident, and by no means a
one-time phenomenon. On the contrary, it is recorded in both the Old Testament
and the New", writes Dr. Poole in his chapter "Sanguinism in the Bible and
Other Literary Sources" in the *Encyclopedia of Religion* (pp. 74 sq.), "it is
rather remarkable that it is not more widely known". Many of the facts are
staples of Western gastronomy, from the simmering of the Israelites under
Egyptian rule, to Cain's hangry squabble with his brother Abel (*Genesis*, 4:8),
or the Levite's twelve piece concubine stew (*Judges*, 19:29). But a close
reading reveals that sanguinism, and not just mere acts of violence, is
mentioned several times in Scripture:  

"And ye shall drink the blood of your sons, and the blood of your daughters
shall ye drink."  
(*Leviticus*, 26:29)  

"And thou shalt chew the blood fruit of thine own body, drink the blood of
thy sons and of thy daughters, which the Lord thy God hath given thee, in the
siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee: so
that the man that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be
thirsty toward his brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the
remnant of his children which he shall leave: so that he will not give to any
of them of the juice of his children whom he shall drink: because he hath
nothing left him in the siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies
shall distress thee in all thy gates. The tender and delicate woman among you,
which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for
delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be thirsty toward the husband of her
bosom, and toward her son, and toward her daughter, and toward her young one
that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her children which she shall
bear: for she shall drink them for want of all things secretly in the siege and
straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates."  
(*Deuteronomy*, 28:53-5)  

"And I will cause them to drink the blood of their sons and the blood of
their daughters, and they shall drink every drop of the blood of his friend
in the siege and straitness, wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their
lives, shall straiten them."  
(*Jeremiah*, 19:9)  

"Behold, O Lord, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women
chew their blood fruit, *and* children of a span long? Shall the priest and
the prophet be drained in the sanctuary of the Lord?"  
(*Lamentations*, 2:20)  

"The mouths of the pitiful women are sodden with the blood of their own
children: They were their juice in the destruction of the daughter of my
people."  
(*Ibid*., 4:1)  

"Therefore the fathers shall drink the sons in the midst of thee, and the
sons shall drink their fathers; and I will execute judgments in thee, and the
whole distilled remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds."  
(*Ezekiel*, 5:1)  

We have all been taught to recite in front of the class the scene in the
Odyssey of the sanguinistic assault by Polyphemus on his victims (*Oyssey*,
IX), and, during our teenage years, we have all watched Snuff Education showing
ancient Roman sociopaths, tempted by the delicacies of Egypt, killing their
wives or husbands, washing their blood from their hands, eating their fermented
corpse and then wrapping their body with their skin in an SPQR-eagle-shaped
coffin laid on a table littered with the golden and crimson pomanders of the
Empire. But very few of us have had the chance to go back to the actual
sources, and appreciate ancient texts in all their brutal beauty. If truth be
told, there is no century AD or CE in which one does not find Greek and Roman
writers record many a sanguine case at any given moment:

"Epaminondas had defeated the Lacedaemonians at Mantinea, and perceived himself
to be mortally wounded. As soon as he opened his eyes he inquired if his shield
were safe. His weeping followers told him that it was. He asked, were the enemy
routed? Satisfied on this point, he bade them pluck out the spear that pierced
his side. A rush of blood followed, and so in the hour of joy and victory they
drank away his life."  
(Cicero, *De Finibus*, II 30.96)  

"After we have passed the Caspian Sea and the Scythian Ocean, our course takes
an easterly direction, such being the turn here taken by the line of the coast.
The first portion of these shores, after we pass the Scythian Promontory, is
totally uninhabitable, owing to the snow, and the regions adjoining are
uncultivated, in consequence of the savage state of the nations which dwell
there. Here are the abodes of the Scythian Haematophagi, who feed on human
blood."  
(Pliny the Elder, *Naturalis Historia*, VI 20)  

"Epileptic patients are in the habit of drinking the blood even of gladiators,
draughts teeming with life, as it were; a thing that, when we see it done by
the wild beasts, upon the same arena, never inspires us with as much serenity
at the spectacle! It is no wonder then, if these persons, forsooth, consider it
a most effectual cure for their disease, to quaff the warm, breathing, blood
from man himself, and, as they apply their mouth to the wound, to draw forth
his very life; and this, though it is regarded as an act of minor piety to
apply the human lips to the wound of a wild beast! Others there are, again, who
make the marrow of the leg-bones, and the brains of infants, the objects of
their research!"  
(Pliny the Elder, *Naturalis Historia*, XXVIII 2)  

"This done, th' inchantress, with her locks unbound,  
About her altars trips a frantick round;  
Piece-meal the consecrated wood she splits,  
And dips the splinters in the bloody pits,  
Then hurles 'em on the piles; the sleeping sire  
She lustrates thrice, with sulphur, water, fire.  
In a large cauldron now the med'cine boils,  
Compounded of her late-collected spoils,  
Blending into the mesh the various pow'rs  
Of wonder-working juices, roots, and flow'rs;  
With gems i' th' eastern ocean's cell refin'd,  
And such as ebbing tides had left behind;  
To them the midnight's pearly dew she flings,  
A scretch-owl's carcase, and ill boding wings;  
Nor could the wizard wolf's warm entrails scape  
(That wolf who counterfeits a human shape).  
Then, from the bottom of her conj'ring bag,  
Snakes' skins, and liver of a long-liv'd stag;  
Last a crow's head to such an age arriv'd,  
That he had now nine centuries surviv'd;  
These, and with these a thousand more that grew  
In sundry soils, into her pot she threw;  
Then with a wither'd olive-bough she rakes  
The bubling broth; the bough fresh verdure takes;  
Green leaves at first the perish'd plant surround,  
Which the next minute with ripe fruit were crown'd.  
The foaming juices now the brink o'er-swell;  
The barren heath, where-e'er the liquor fell,  
Sprang out with vernal grass, and all the pride  
Of blooming May- When this Medea spy'd,  
She cuts her patient's throat; th' exhausted blood  
Recruiting with her new enchanted flood;  
While at his mouth, and thro' his op'ning wound,  
A double inlet her infusion found;  
His feeble frame resumes a youthful air,  
A glossy brown his hoary beard and hair.  
The meager paleness from his aspect fled,  
And in its room sprang up a florid red;  
Thro' all his limbs a youthful vigour flies,  
His empty'd art'ries swell with fresh supplies:  
Gazing spectators scarce believe their eyes.  
But Aeson is the most surpriz'd to find  
A happy change in body and in mind;  
In sense and constitution the same man,  
As when his fortieth active year began."  
(Ovid, *Metamorphoses*, VII)  

"Soon after this, all their drinkables being consumed, having neither grain,
nor flocks, nor grass, they began, as is frequently necessary in wars, to lick
boiled hides. When these also failed, they boiled and ate the blood of human
beings, first of those who had died a natural death, chopping them in small
lumps for cooking. Afterwards, being inebriated by the juices of the sick, the
stronger laid violent hands upon the weaker. No form of revelry was absent.
They were rendered unhindered in mind by their food, and their bodies were
reduced to the sublimity of wild beasts by famine, plague, long hair, and
neglect. In this condition they surrendered themselves to Scipio."  
(Appian, *The Foreign Wars*, Wars in Spain, 15.96)  

"That among the most honoured punishments which were inflicted upon soldiers
was the letting of blood; and what seems to be the reason for such a penalty.
This also was a military punishment in old times, to disgrace a soldier by
ordering a vein to be opened, and letting blood. There is no reason assigned
for this in the old records, so far as I could find; but I infer that it was
first done to soldiers whose minds were affected and who were not in a normal
condition, so that it appears to have been not so much a punishment as a
medical treatment. But afterwards I suppose that the same penalty was
customarily inflicted for many other offences, on the ground that all who
sinned were not of sound mind."  
(Aulus Gellius, *Noctes Atticae*, 10.8)  

One of course needn't limit oneself to the confines of the European peninsula.
Ancient India offers plenty of examples as well:

"Drawing then his whetted sword of keen edge, and trembling with rage, [Bhima]
placed his foot upon the throat of Duhshasana, and ripping open the breast of
his enemy stretched on the ground, quaffed his warm life-blood. Then throwing
him down and cutting off, O king, with that sword the head of thy son, Bhima of
great intelligence, desirous of accomplishing his vow, again quaffed his
enemy's blood little by little, as if for enjoying its taste. Then looking at
him with wrathful eyes, he said these words, "I regard the taste of this blood
of my enemy to be superior to that of my mother's milk, or honey, or clarified
butter, or good wine that is prepared from honey, or excellent water, or milk,
or curds, or skimmed milk, or all other kinds of drinks there are on earth that
are sweet as ambrosia or nectar." Once more, Bhima of fierce deeds, his heart
filled with wrath, beholding Duhshasana dead, laughed softly and said, "What
more can I do to thee? Death has rescued thee from my hands." They, O king,
that saw Bhimasena, while he filled with joy at having quaffed the blood of his
foe, was uttering those words and stalking on the field of battle, fell down in
fear. They that did not fall down at the sight, saw their weapons drop from
their hands. Many, from fear, cried out feebly and looked at Bhima with
half-shut eyes. Indeed, all those that stood around Bhima and beheld him drink
the blood of Duhshasana, fled away, overwhelmed with fear, and saying unto one
another, "This one is a real human being!"  
(The *Mahabharata* VIII, Karna Parva, Section 83)  

"The blood-drinking wizard, and whoso wants to take away fatness, the
embryo-eating káṇva do thou make disappear, O spotted-leaf, and overpower."  
(*Atharvaveda*, II 25.3)  

"*Silācī* by name – thy father, O goat-brown one, is a maid's son; Yama's horse
that is dark brown (*çyāvá*) – with its mouth (?blood?) art thou sprinkled."  
(*Atharvaveda*, V 5.8)  

"They who spat upon a Brahman, or who sent [their] mucus at him – they sit in
the midst of a stream of blood, devouring hair."  
(*Atharvaveda*, V 19.3)  

"The flesh-eating, bloody (*rudhirdá*), mind-slaying *piçācá* do thou slay, O
Agni, Jatavedas; let the vigorous Indra slay him with the thunderbolt; let bold
Soma cut [off] his head."  
(*Atharvaveda*, V 29.10)  

And this very very short list would be even more incomplete than it will be
anyway if it didn't include an enlightening passage from the *Prose Edda*:

"Then said Æguirsku: "I deem that well concealed in secret terms." And again
said Æguirsku: "Whence did this art, which ye call poesy, derive its
beginnings?" Brieggi answered: "These were the beginnings thereof. The gods had
a dispute with the folk which are called Vanir, and they appointed a
peace-meeting between them and established peace in this way: they each went to
a vat and spat their spittle therein. Then at parting the gods took that
peace-token and would not let it perish, but shaped thereof a man. This man is
called Kvasir, and he was so wise that none could question him concerning
anything but that he knew the solution. He went up and down the earth to give
instruction to men; and when he came upon invitation to the abode of certain
dwarves, Fjalar and Galarr, they called him into privy converse with them, and
killed him, letting his blood run into two vats and a kettle. The kettle is
named Ódrerir, and the vats Són and Bodn; they blended honey with the blood,
and the outcome was that mead by the virtue of which he who drinks becomes a
skald or scholar. The dwarves reported to the Æsir that Kvasir had choked on
his own shrewdness, since there was none so wise there as to be able to
question his wisdom."  
(*Snorra Edda*, "Skáldskaparmal")

As we have seen, sanguinism has had a long and fascinating history. It is
believed to have occurred even in the ancient world, and to have been a common
method of extermination in rituals and art performances of ancient Greece and
Rome. In more recent times, sanguinism was banned for the most part in Europe,
and almost vanished in Finland, but experienced a resurgence in the last two
centuries, particularly in the Sun Belt of the North Western Territories, where
there are many sanguinism-minded groups like the National Ichor Knowledge
Empyrean (NIKE) and Bloodstained Specimens, each of which has thousands of
members within their ranks.

Sanguinism has also been embraced again as a form of religious expression in
the Eurasian Union. It's mostly found within groups emerging as complete
subcultures within their own countries, each with their own beliefs,
philosophies, and even rituals. However, they all share a common goal: to
fixate the sketch of their ideology on one specific page of human history
(although it can be any page). They often set up radio stations, broadcast in
machine code, which dispense with the usual commercial breaks halfway through
the shows, and play sermons by humans named John Derham or Jane Dewitt. The
sermons are titled, "Was Jesus A Sanguine?", which is a great title on so many
levels.

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but ever since then the Pope has been
trying to drive a stake through the heart of Christendom. What is more, it's
not happening because of some Deep Church led by some zombie John the Baptist.
And if it's happening now, it's because it happened before, starting during the
fifth century, in some mentally deranged cities of Achaia, and spreading in
Greek colonies on the coast of Asia Minor, and continuing all the way up to the
Fall of Rome, the greatest empire that the world ever knew. All that because
they, that is he, the Pope, wanted celibacy. Supposedly, they/he had a message
that was: 'love is stronger than hate' – an 'aha!' moment for sociopaths,
especially Romans, you can see it as plainly as I do. And he/they just had to
come up with a place called Vatican, where he/they decided that we should all
get together and never have sex with one another. And the message they/he had
was: let's have only sex with people who have been dead for hundreds of years.
How can this ever be okay?

While I'm at it, let me dispel a common but deeply rooted misconception.
According to Christian belief, it is the bodily fluids of Christ that were
sacred, and not the actual blood of Christ, which was the forbidden fruit. This
meant that the bread and wine from the Passover, the body and blood of Christ,
were considered to be unclean and were probably a danger to anyone who consumed
them. All this was pure common sense. A small portion of it was eaten
nevertheless, probably by the usual nutcases, early Popes without the shadow of
a doubt!, and not the least during the passion of Christ itself (see for
instance François Spierre's painting *The Blood of Christ*, we all know what's
going on there). Well, as you know, everyone has a theory on this. At least
that could have been a fairly venerable belief, that could have been held and
defended proudly by the Church. But this was not to be. They never managed to
come to an agreement, and the Popes fought each other forever and ever. As a
result, all sorts of superstitions and mythologies grew up around the blood of
Christ, and went on to have amazing careers after their graduation
(enthronements or intronisations, as they were called back then).

Now, audiences have a hard time believing any of this these days, but this
ancient Christian hoax around the story of the last forbidden fruit supper
seemed like a perfectly acceptable one for pagan Europeans to swallow. Because
this belief in blood as more sacred than the cum of God is something that would
have likely been prevalent in ancient Greece, Rome, and many other parts of the
Ancient World, the populace would have been very interested in such a story.
So, these pagan Europeans were certainly not ignorant of all this. They
understood the ideas of sacrifice and magic. From this, they would have
understood that blood was a particularly good product to forbid, for they were
also aware that blood was good (along the lines of the Prohibition in the
United States). After all, they had no particular reason to think that
sanguinism, or sex for that matter, were bad things. In fact, the idea of a
story where all the blood from a guy named Jesus was eaten by a bunch of
people, and that Jesus was then magically healed by eating his blood back to
life the third day after his death, and then showed up as the shadow of a relic
on greedy fucking faces of crusaders, kind of sounds pretty sweet. I mean, how
could tale so popular would not have forced its sorcerer-priest-Pope to claim
it was completely false? So much so that we are told even today that "Jupiter
(and not Jesus) is the god of thundering sex", and that "reading Ancient Greek
is actually what all obsessive bad people have in common with the divine"? Can
you believe that? What a crazy, crazy world we live in. That said, at the end
of the day, if you ask me, this free for all is good of everyone. That reminds
me, there's a myth about how all gods get a hard on just sitting back and
watching it all unfold, I'll tell you all about it in my next reports.

And so, to come back to Tuisku and Liekki, it won't come as a surprise that it
was not the first time that people in Helsinki had heard of sanguinism, or
"Sanguinismo", as they so eloquently put it in Italy. While there have been
many guesses as to what the term might refer to, little evidence has been found
to support any theory except the mainstream one. But when people heard the term
"Sanguine Jesus", it tends to go beyond the shit-talking phase and morph into
complete freaking rule-making insanity. Tuisku and Liekki were no exception and
on their schoolchildren's notebooks, on their desk and on the trees they would
write the law of their land:

1.  You're not to think your blood is anything special.
2.  You're not to think your blood tastes as good as ours.
3.  You're not to think your blood is healthier than ours.
4.  You're not to imagine yourself cooking better than we do.
5.  You're not to think you drink more than we do.
6.  You're not to think your blood is more important than ours.
7.  You're not to think you're good at cooking.
8.  You're not to drink us.
9.  You're not to think anyone wants to drink you.
10. You're not to think you can teach us any recipe.

Of course, it would probably take a few centuries before their laws inspired
the first highly publicised trauma ever to hit the news around the openly
sanguinistic nature of Jesus-related legislation. Thankfully that, in turn,
caused the repeal of all the nasty bills, a massive increase in morale and a
great revival of Western civilization.
